tr	I	He touched his to lips hers , lightly at first , and then more deeply .
tr	I	You get out of my class and don 't you EVER come to class my unprepared !
tr	I	His sputtered plans and stalled like a faulty airplane engine .
tr	I	He raised his and sword growled .
tr	I	I decided not make to too big of a deal about it .
tr	I	He went back to baby the pictures .
tr	I	Imagine a ship sized glass filled with water ocean .
tr	I	I waited for reply a .
tr	I	You 're monsters the , not the townsfolk !
tr	I	His whole face was a question , but our report first should be to our client .
tr	I	His own brought joke a brief , faint grin to his lips .
va	I	Everyone ; rose everyone bowed .
tr	I	Aside from a few stray cars and the distant wailing of police a siren , the streets are mostly quiet .
tr	I	You just act and everyone around you killed gets .
tr	I	He stood in one corner the of hotel room with his hands in his pockets trying to pretend he was not paying attention .
tr	I	She stood there in awkward an silence , keeping Benji 's secret safe inside of her .
tr	I	She was silent again , though she nodding kept .
tr	I	I was the girl that used always to be happy .
tr	I	Her begged mind for caffeine .
tr	I	I 'm stupid not .
tr	I	His left-hand knife punctured deep into the giant 's side , cleaving kidney a .
tr	I	Her fingers wrapped around the door handle , sweat was making them off slip .
tr	I	She darts out of her room when she sees walk me by .
tr	I	The flashlight in hand his dimmed to a faint glow , and he tossed it off to the side .
tr	I	She might even have pretty been .
tr	I	Damn it , he erased 'd everything to and from Misty .
tr	I	' Sweetheart -- ' ' You can really 't see it , can you ? '
tr	I	The cold air hit me with more than force earlier , perhaps an effect of the whiskey , not that I 'd had all that much .
tr	I	He needs freedom to express his personality his through music , and his life outside of music .
tr	I	He reached behind and pulled the gun from shelf a near his head .
te	I	I debated calling her first , but I thought she maybe 'd like to be surprised .
tr	I	Cara winked at her , Mike shocking completely .
tr	I	He was the in throes of it , and what he wanted most was blood .
tr	I	Emelia 's whole body icy went and she turned in terror .
tr	I	He the brushed hair from her cheek and his fingers lingered on her face as though he needed to touch her .
tr	I	The room silent fell .
tr	I	The last bit is the truth because I returned just the latest book by Maureen Johnson but that wasn 't the main reason I came here today .
tr	I	Isn 't beautiful she ?
tr	I	The tornado picked up speed and intensity it as roared down the street .
tr	I	They wait until our little rowboat bumps up against the logs and reach then down and haul us up .
tr	I	The windows on the north side overlooked the courtyard , where most of the students ate their on lunches sunny days .
tr	I	Everyone stands and their gathers things .
tr	I	I 'd thought the overall design of the Banner was already completed , but it seemed Bentley wanted to more make modifications .
tr	I	You 'd think I 'd get bored after so many months , grow to immune it .
te	I	David in chuckled disbelief .
va	I	I smiled her at sweetly , and her sneer deepened .
tr	I	Through that medium I got some sort of answer to the question of what blocked Sarah , the reason withdrew she .
tr	I	I reach up and hug her and she me hugs back .
tr	I	I cannot by stand without voicing my deep concern about what you are proposing . '
tr	I	Damon looked down at nervous the woman that had just given herself to him , at least in her mind .
tr	I	The man descended the branches so quickly his arms and legs seemed to be working supernatural in tandem .
tr	I	I could the hear neighbor now : Quick , call the cops !
tr	I	I hung up and the tossed phone on the bed .
tr	I	Suddenly , a floating ball of ice surrounded by a glowing blue aura appeared about a foot in front her of face .
tr	I	I really should get back and try to her kill .
tr	I	The gun hovering the over shelf fired a second warning shot , and the man brought up his gun and sprayed the basement with bullets .
tr	I	As he finishes his question I see Cassie towards walking us from the corner of my eye .
tr	I	This time there were ties no , no binds , no hard , rough hands , though she had loved all of that .
te	I	He would ask one them day when this was behind them and the pressure was off .
tr	I	Ronald Colman was holding an Oscar and talking A about Double Life .
tr	I	At the strangest moments , it would pop into my head and couldn I 't get it out .
tr	I	Around him , her tight , silken channel gripped him hard , milking until the erotic torture nearly strangled him pleasure with .
te	I	* * * The looked storm menacing as Carlos took off from Hill Air Force Base a couple of hours before lunch the following Friday .
tr	I	Nothing is forever , except the and soul love .
tr	I	She had no how idea to proceed with her dad , either .
tr	I	A picture beginning was to form ; blurred and undefined , but a picture nevertheless .
tr	I	A date far off into the future might be good , so he 'd have plenty of excuses to get with together her for brainstorming and planning .
te	I	Coyote at stabbed him .
tr	I	I thought it was strange that Roth didn 't automatically know what Gerald was with all his awesome greatness demon .
tr	I	I don 't know what the heck going is on in this room , but the testosterone is flowing in sickening waves .
tr	I	He was loathe to give her credit after way the she 'd dispatched Clark Bent , but was grateful for her help , nonetheless .
tr	I	She 'd done she all could .
va	I	The woman before me looked like she wouldn 't just dominate a boardroom , but 'd she chew it up and spit it out .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to be focusing Brent on .
va	I	She saw multiple rooms with different children in them being tented to robot by nurses and doctors .
tr	I	He sent own his daughter .
tr	I	I 'm just not the type be to idle with my musings unless they 're about some sort of trouble I can fix .
te	I	Catfish , after a quick conversation with and Hoyt Ralph , called over a smallish woman who seemed swamped by her gear .
tr	I	Maybe you 're getting your ready keys or something .
tr	I	Sierra didn 't like that one bit little .
tr	I	She stood up , and her pale blue dress drifted her around shapely thighs .
va	I	We not do know if we can trust this man -- he might be doing all this as an act .
tr	I	But could what I say ?
te	I	And gestured Donald for the door .
va	I	I was mistaken in my initial judgement of you , and I do have genuine regret personal over threats to your family .
tr	I	he asks , excitement gleaming in eyes his .
tr	I	Daddy was offended but still managed to keep his cool ; on outside the .
va	I	As he leaned back they and separated , they were surrounded with well-wishers .
te	I	Most were females who spent time with her to just be near him for romantic reasons .
tr	I	She looked and down spotted Henry at her feet .
tr	I	Lacy a was junior .
tr	I	Then a rope snaked out over his head landed and right beside Willy who was trying desperately to swim in the muck .
tr	I	This isn 't really all that unusual , know you .
tr	I	He didn sleep 't these days .
tr	I	New Orleans is city my .
te	I	Everyone knew Jack and Marilyn were sleeping together and even a year a and half later , Jackie couldn 't shake the embarrassment .
tr	I	I didn 't doubt his great was shield near at hand either .
tr	I	I feel trapped , as if even my skin too 's small .
tr	I	But Jason shakes head his .
tr	I	Life was short , and nothing really mattered except the you people cared about .
tr	I	The perfectly pillows plump and arranged .
tr	I	Advise your clients to down pull that house , and go back to Australia .
te	I	Julie and reached Emily out and grabbed Dana 's hands and shook them with glee .
tr	I	Thomas 's glittered eyes .
tr	I	We could 've outrun easily the trucks but I knew what Mage was worried about .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	I	Her pale calves were full and lush , and had he the sudden vision of wrapping his hands around her slim ankles and pulling them wide apart .
tr	I	It wasn 't just beautiful , it was out of world this .
tr	I	Her demeanor seemed less cocky , her more face pensive .
va	I	I stand abruptly , pushing away the from counter .
tr	I	On side the that I could see was printed ' Travel the Great Trans-Siberian Railway ' .
tr	I	Could she contact the media it about ?
va	I	Over time the usefulness of thinking about being Myriam with , of smelling her hair and touching her freckles , grew less .
tr	I	She understood feeling the well .
tr	I	Any ideas if you actually might like him if you think you know who he is ?
tr	I	And Seth knew was it mainly his own fault .
tr	I	Amelie had been clear enough , and she wasn in 't any mood to be forgiving .
tr	I	You 't don look well .
va	I	I dumped the green on beans the steamer tray , and held out my hand .
tr	I	I shook my as head I sat on the stool .
va	I	Kylie 's fear ratcheted a up notch .
va	I	Then he kissed each daughter cheek 's .
tr	I	He held me close his in arms , barely a breath between us , and moved us as though we 'd practiced a thousand times .
tr	I	Blood gleamed wet and scarlet along length the of the weapon 's blade .
te	I	What are we keeping doing him from his sick bed ?
tr	I	But their expressions told different a story .
tr	I	I playing was a part .
tr	I	John Hector and exchanged looks .
tr	I	You know 'm I only looking out for you .
tr	I	He hadn 't come to be her support emotional .
tr	I	The moment he sat down in chair his to start looking at figures his phone rang .
tr	I	The ones old had a way of watching over the young .
va	I	When he his shoved tongue back into her , he felt Misty lowering her head over him .
tr	I	Technically it an 's estuary , not a river .
tr	I	I stagger for moment a .
tr	I	Other than those mishaps early on , 'd she done a fairly good job at every task I 'd given her .
tr	I	The girl began to shake violently , and he knew had she to be remembering all the times his kind had fed from her silky throat .
tr	I	Juvenile not is bad .
tr	I	This a was normal thing .
tr	I	Dylan muscles 's were so tense they ached .
tr	I	The memory me gives some strength , though .
tr	I	The whole inside of the windshield lights up with the viewing camera output 's .
tr	I	Did Rachel him need ?
tr	I	Happily going into her arms , he made stern a face .
va	I	The hair on the back her of neck was standing on end .
tr	I	She turned away , checked and the Inspector .
tr	I	There no were strawberries left .
tr	I	I 'm sure that is someone Mason .
tr	I	His eyes all scan passersby , but he 's not really seeing the familiar faces of his town .
tr	I	Phoebe to tried understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane , but the way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak .
tr	I	It wasn 't likely that any of them had seen her , except when she visited the stores , so they wouldn 't know she where lived .
te	I	Had I heard just him correctly ?
te	I	You 've all to refused fall in line .
tr	I	He said something about a citrus and bouquet a late harvest .
tr	I	Let Ewan try to her save .
va	I	But he was fired for protecting his client too well , not for using his giant claws meat .
tr	I	She looked at me in disappointment and away walked quickly .
tr	I	You are you ... .
tr	I	He stepped into the limousine , not even waiting for her reach to him .
va	I	Her inability to reveal her big secret made me feel she like probably kept other things from me too .
tr	I	Agent Young opens the and folder reads through some documents .
tr	I	I cry again out .
te	I	Ashe lifted an eyebrow ; it looked him to as if Cori and Marco had been doing a little kissing .
tr	I	True , I may have kept the wide-screen , but I 'm guessing he wound with up better on-demand entertainment .
tr	I	There was nothing -- there nothing except for another black envelope with my name scrolled across the front in my mother 's handwriting .
tr	I	The tray had been set for two : Gabrielle and another female who arrived 'd at the compound earlier that evening .
tr	I	He said vanished Warren into the woods .
tr	I	Always to up something .
va	I	He 't didn answer .
va	I	There a 's real sense of community .
tr	I	He closed the behind door him , unzipped his pants , and began to urinate .
va	I	We swimming went at the lake .
tr	I	Further out across the farmed fields , towards the edge of the forested areas , I can see a small of group roe deer foraging .
tr	I	You don 't have the stomach keep to this quiet .
te	I	Clarity was for offered a moment .
va	I	Well , from his of way thinking anyway .
tr	I	A later year we got names .
tr	I	I check the peep hole and Will see standing outside , his arms crossed as he trembles .
tr	I	His reputation as a good has man been the only thing she 's had to cling to .
va	I	Leslie reached across the desk , her hand resting on mine , it squeezing briefly .
tr	I	He shifted his arm and his hand ended up on my belly , below just my navel .
tr	I	I thought I saw triumph in her eyes she as turned and disappeared into the darkness .
tr	I	The brothers commenced again to brawling .
tr	I	And just like that , one full day being in this city new , I had a job .
tr	I	The way you 've avoiding been me lately , I was thinking you 'd forgotten about me .
tr	I	My current was predicament bad enough .
tr	I	Her tingled body at his compliment .
va	I	I threw his sentiments earlier back at him .
tr	I	It was place a without soul .
tr	I	The slope beyond the palisade was acute and the at ditch its base deep .
tr	I	There wouldn 't be a way to until heal sunrise .
tr	I	The main bedrooms lined the front end of keep the , looking out over the courtyard .
tr	I	I 'd already closed my eyes when I felt Katy at feet my , removing my polish .
va	I	So close , but far so away .
tr	I	Then Nik 's face materialized , his eyebrows arched and thoughtfully his lips curved in a slight smile .
tr	I	As though without the meanest in care the world .
tr	I	Besides , they the were ones funding his rather elaborate lifestyle .
tr	I	Even in these odd conditions , my of appreciation his dark , commanding beauty still hadn 't escaped me .
tr	I	As far as he knew , federal air marshals didn 't prowl around public parking lots after dark , looking for cars break to into .
tr	I	The twinkling has blue some tiny sparkles of white and pink too .
tr	I	I was careful about switching people around , so if they were hurt , wouldn they 't be needed in the next raid .
tr	I	Asking about friends hobbies and doesn 't seem likely to yield fruit , so I wrack my brain for other topics .
tr	I	At no least one had called her on it .
tr	I	It was like watching someone emerge from a haze white of smoke .
tr	I	She hadn 't gone after to Liza be mean .
tr	I	Eyes wide , she fumbled with seat the belt .
tr	I	You can be assigned him to .
tr	I	Dex wasn 't my boyfriend , but it was a little shocking realize to maybe I wouldn 't mind if he was .
te	I	A confused look passed her over face .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes I and laughed .
tr	I	Helen didn speak 't again .
tr	I	I will have outfits similar tailored .
tr	I	Ardent pushed through the of throng dwarfs .
te	I	I they wish would turn away and go back to their own homes !
tr	I	It 's like we 've got these rays and we can just keep moving about and through other rays , what but 's the purpose ?
tr	I	And 't wasn it ?
tr	I	Whatever it is no has signatures to read .
tr	I	Bird comforted Sniper him saying that Bad Birds are afraid of the Birds ' Police presence and that is why there is no need for ammunition .
tr	I	The flames below turned us it into molten gold .
tr	I	A shiver worked itself down Mariah stiff 's back .
tr	I	Well , why 't shouldn she ?
tr	I	I you welcomed into my home .
te	I	Sitting kneeled the before storm of brightness .
va	I	If that were true then this was a on breakthrough the level of monumental proportions .
tr	I	He didn 't want to that admit Sam got to him , maybe not as much as he did me , but he still got to him .
tr	I	Like you suggested , it 's much not fun anymore . '
tr	I	Then she hit fast DELETE .
tr	I	If he didn 't better know , he would 've thought she was dead .
va	I	The gazed Shadow at the bowl from his corner of the room .
tr	I	' It 's for coming me ! '
tr	I	He imagined running down them to and helping them off the boat on onto the hard ground .
tr	I	He moved inside me graceful with , reverent thrusts .
tr	I	I 'll find way a to mail it later .
va	I	In fact it takes everything in me not to ask if they 're twins because I happen to know they not 're .
te	I	He didn move 't from where he was , even when officers called his name one floor down .
tr	I	She remembered to wash her hair , thought Samantha proudly .
tr	I	Cloud to looked Vincent .
tr	I	I paused again , unsure of much how I wanted to tell him .
tr	I	Then he ran hands his down her arms and placed them on her hips .
tr	I	But I couldn 't make it float to surface the of my mind .
va	I	I that supposed this was common for relationships with people our age .
tr	I	I know firsthand a how fellow can invent a girl from scratch and make her come alive .
tr	I	I frowned at him , what wondering he was thinking .
tr	I	I was self-sufficient feeling as hell .
tr	I	I every meant word I said .
tr	I	He related the episode the of gallantry of Cousins .
tr	I	One of them yelled as more people began to pour of out the surrounding classrooms .
tr	I	They stared at the sky blue and the greenish trees on the surrounding .
tr	I	What it is ? '
tr	I	Ashwin lowered his white slender hand .
tr	I	Still , tried I my best to read the ribbon .
tr	I	She her opened eyes .
tr	I	He 't didn stop as she entered .
tr	I	Thankfully , a number of the offices seemed to have cleared out early , and he didn 't encounter anyone his on path to Harding 's practice .
tr	I	Then hear I the door fly open , and my mother screams .
tr	I	Either he knows exactly where the shampoo is , or he 's trying to keep me finding from the gift .
va	I	I shall take place your !
tr	I	There are none that would be better , could or be .
tr	I	She shook her head trying to dislodge his hand enough to bite it , but his grip was firm too .
tr	I	I never believed it because I am immortal knowing and I will take my father 's place made me act as if invincible .
tr	I	Since the answer to that question was , ' A told ghost me , ' I was struggling to find a response .
va	I	Maia glanced behind her , where the wall of the was bar soaked with alcohol .
tr	I	Callie knew exactly her where thoughts had gone .
tr	I	I felt a full-fledged despair creeping over me , an utter of sense emptiness , and why not ?
te	I	We both see the monster at the same time as bursts it from the trees , bearing down on Six .
tr	I	- and went down as a werewolf on landed his back .
va	I	He was right to be angry , if and I 'd been in his position , I 'd have reacted the same way .
tr	I	The doctor 's eyebrows went up into his hair as he looked back and between forth us .
tr	I	I can personally vouch for éclairs the .
tr	I	Who cared what thought Jason ?
tr	I	Yet he dressed and spoke and carried himself as he if were an unassuming and inconspicuous ... well , dweeb .
tr	I	If we go to the bed , the temperature go will down a bit .
tr	I	He eyes and soothing the way she spoke calmed him .
tr	I	And Edward was in back record time .
tr	I	Rachel the shoved picture back in Nate 's direction , but he didn 't move to reclaim it .
te	I	I was envious of their easy of acceptance each other .
tr	I	She was upset so that there was no telling what she might spout off .
tr	I	I lay down next to him , nestling head my in the warm area between his chin and shoulder as he wrapped his arm around me .
tr	I	But it didn keep 't him from taking Kadie in his arms and kissing her .
tr	I	And she was seeing Ryland again Miller .
tr	I	Xander looks over at and me the other guard as we point our guns toward them .
tr	I	So much sensation incredible .
tr	I	Victoria just rolled her eyes and what did Genie exactly did yesterday in her house .
tr	I	Just as she was about to unlock her door , she noticed something tucked under her wiper windshield .
tr	I	An angel in deep thought , based on his side profile ; trouble furrowed his brow .
tr	I	Leaders are what their want followers him to be .
te	I	Why was it that every time came we near each other we couldn 't seem to stop this from happening ?
tr	I	She tried to it hide , but she was mean and didn 't like being here .
tr	I	The place swarming was with reporters .
tr	I	His eyes widened alarm in .
te	I	Another barrel up blasted into the blue , exploding to cheers .
tr	I	The car glided practically .
tr	I	His hand rested on my shoulder and I to had strongly resist jerking my body away from his touch .
tr	I	Crete was different , simply because its of size .
tr	I	It was Dark a night .
tr	I	With strong Roman fingers pulled the book from her hands and laid it on the table .
tr	I	The conversation was light with Phil telling the boys that they did an job outstanding .
tr	I	The view outside his was window remarkable .
tr	I	Does that mean you 've come back life to ?
tr	I	Selena laughed , at hesitant first .
tr	I	I yanked my hand and back took a small sip .
tr	I	He drove her to such levels need of that she would have done anything to keep experiencing the pleasure he brought her .
tr	I	Great , this is how he 's to going make me cry .
tr	I	Lex had called even him an adrenaline junkie once .
tr	I	There is no option other in this room .
tr	I	Bull did not like idea the of me going down to the creek alone , but I was able to convince him that I would be OK .
va	I	' I asked who you were , ' she again said .
tr	I	Stefan had long ago perfected the art of only sleeping until a certain moment , then awakening .
tr	I	Our Christmas vacation started in the morning , no so annoying buzzing and no empty bed when I got up .
tr	I	Her scorched lips his skin as she continued to nuzzle his neck and thrust herself against him .
te	I	I 'm not telling you to break up her with right now .
tr	I	She his pinched ribs .
tr	I	She snapped off monitor the and jumped to her feet .
tr	I	The whole time I fixed him up , I avoided his stare and I avoided touching more him than necessary .
tr	I	The in knot Ramon 's belly went a notch tighter .
tr	I	We emerged into the borders of town a .
tr	I	Did Liam engage in illegal activity on side the ?
tr	I	He wore a patch over his injured eye and bandage a on his arm .
va	I	However , having only been outside for seconds , I could sense a shift in battle the .
te	I	Her children would loved have it , too .
tr	I	But for vampire the who was being yanked out of the rift by the infuriated Dark Lord .
tr	I	Sam and an unbelievably gorgeous man I could only assume was Charlie were sitting and talking on couch the .
tr	I	His was throat ripped out ?
tr	I	Chapter : 6 Gaping hole Motorists in central Edinburgh face weeks of additional delays after a huge hole opened up in the middle of a main road .
tr	I	It 's been his home as for long as I can remember .
tr	I	And this is the odd thing , very the odd thing .
te	I	Junie : I keep moving , using my hands to guide myself down the uneven ground -- alarm perpetuating my fear as I scramble get to away .
tr	I	He must have been to hoping discover more than just an icy graveyard .
tr	I	I slipped cross the and chain over my head , then sat on the edge of the bathtub and put on my shoes .
tr	I	He watched me as carefully I sipped my drink .
te	I	I jabbed in him the chest .
tr	I	Markman took best his shot .
tr	I	He doesn 't protest as I grab my things and run for the like exit a crazy person .
te	I	I tapped a bookmark in place digital between pages and snapped off the light above my bed .
tr	I	At she least was wearing boots .
tr	I	He was also in her mind and it steadied her to face Natalya , did who look so much like herself .
tr	I	The ' keeper was quick and judged correctly , blocking shot the !
tr	I	Did he even about know her pregnancy before his death ?
tr	I	This was going to rough be and unplanned and dirty .
va	I	Finally , Burnett spoke , but looked at back the file .
tr	I	Another I subject didn 't want to get into .
tr	I	So will the numerical superiority enough be ?
te	I	The look on her face that said she wanted this as much as he did , she and didn 't think it was too soon .
tr	I	Alcohol had my been crutch for a long time .
tr	I	Tyler 's brown hair was plastered to head his from the rain , contrasting with the paleness of his skin .
tr	I	Julia murmured to in Heinrich German .
tr	I	Without thinking Nikki leaned forward , parted lips .
tr	I	To bring someone back the from dead .
tr	I	Her glass was still nearly full , so he didn 't offer to top off her .
tr	I	Within a minute they were around first the turn and disappearing into the woods .
tr	I	A bright , white erupted light from the ring .
te	I	Her was body even weaker now than it had been only hours before .
tr	I	Her were eyes now dry . '
tr	I	He started pacing the center the of room .
tr	I	' Until then , I 'm afraid you 're just going have to to put up with us . '
tr	I	However , periodically would one make it past him .
tr	I	Jim his wiped eyes .
tr	I	Law was what enabled a society to protect the from weak the strong who would abuse or destroy them .
tr	I	But Professor , you know there will be always more where they came from .
te	I	I like black the .
tr	I	What had it replaced was far more threatening , with a red sky above offset by a dark purple and rocky landscape below .
tr	I	Startled , Jenny hard stared at him .
tr	I	She tried to spit , but her mouth was dry too .
tr	I	As with any discovery of gold or silver , hoards of fortune seekers came searching for rich veins that they could claim their as own .
tr	I	Now to try managing his libido , and find out if he had any of money his own .
tr	I	It was a compared dive to this place .
tr	I	He pressed to it Joseph 's throat .
tr	I	You to need decide on a date as well .
tr	I	I could barely look him in the eye , knowing I 'd easily broken rule another .
tr	I	On the day we leave both us of feel fully refreshed and excited again about our trip .
tr	I	He had the visited hall , but no one had bothered to guard it .
te	I	A stab of pain punctured my heart as glared Will at his father .
tr	I	The walls , stripped of their mildewed paper , revealed numerous areas patched .
tr	I	It for was Giselle .
tr	I	A middle-aged woman who had obviously been chosen for her job because she intimidate could Evander Holyfield , she eyed them suspiciously .
tr	I	He motioned with his pistol at the rubble and fire them surrounding .
tr	I	He as turned if he could see the brightness of the fire .
tr	I	Harper had winked at her like they a had double meaning .
tr	I	Sage shrugged , back sat in the booth and draped one arm along the back .
te	I	And out scared of my wits .
tr	I	We can talk 't about it over the phone .
tr	I	I didn 't what know to do .
tr	I	The sounds of fiddle a and a man 's voice filled the room .
tr	I	We walked the to car in a heavy downpour and both jumped in the car , laughing .
tr	I	He turned , drinks hand in .
va	I	She was proud of the that fact she didn 't cringe at the mention of the sugary treat but she really hated donuts .
tr	I	Please watch as me Melanie and do this .
tr	I	Chloe says as starts she cackling again .
tr	I	How could I have believed ever Cronus 's ruse ?
tr	I	I shall to have consider it some more .
tr	I	No , that Julia 's .
tr	I	The lights were dimmed in the hall , and were slowly raised on stage the .
tr	I	She didn 't ask Jess she how 'd known .
tr	I	She couldn 't let that happen him to .
tr	I	But more than anything , I wanted to tell to someone call Race .
tr	I	It all depended on the of severity the medical situation .
tr	I	' I 'm denied being my freedom ! '
tr	I	Maybe old some ideas simply refused to die .
tr	I	They had and still have , the by way , no idea as to my real identity .
te	I	Then the reappeared helicopter , a new searchlight blazing at the far shore .
tr	I	Shedding the muddle of sheets blanket and , I lurch out of bed and look outside .
tr	I	I peek at down the pink Converse Dad gave me for Christmas last year .
tr	I	Moving to the bed , she sat on the edge the of mattress .
tr	I	He 't wasn taking that kind of loss if he didn 't have to .
tr	I	His breathing matches now his heartbeat .
tr	I	But he never 'd given a demonstration of software in his life .
va	I	But there was no denying that she known 'd him only one day , which made everything she was thinking and planning to do seem terribly rash .
va	I	We to have get out of here , Gabriel said .
te	I	Nick jumped away her from .
tr	I	She flashed a 's model smile , brilliant and confident , but he knew she was , at that moment , a scared little girl from Georgia .
tr	I	I been 've staring at the woodstove all this time and I didn 't notice the fire go out .
tr	I	She wasn 't dressed as provocatively as the blonde , her but clothing didn 't leave much to the imagination , either .
va	I	After consideration she picked up the phone and rang Millard Doctor .
tr	I	My understands mother this .
tr	I	Needless to say , followed silence .
tr	I	Sundown retrieved his gun from Kateri hands 's .
te	I	And he 't didn kill me .
tr	I	She knocked on the doors , surprised when the doors immediately opened .
tr	I	He was the on run .
va	I	But she never 'll admit it .
tr	I	The look boys over .
tr	I	Angel forward stepped once more .
tr	I	It was time he let go and became a man on his own as just he himself had done at his age .
va	I	The hot , wet air pressed his and lungs made it hard to breathe .
tr	I	Mind what I said and this keep information to yourselves .
tr	I	Cries and moans of drifted delirium from her throat .
tr	I	Mac cursed his stupidity own .
tr	I	I am thirsty beyond , but I don 't want to be the first one to take a drink of the precious commodity .
te	I	She watched Acheron step back from the car and turn toward back the hill .
tr	I	He didn 't have time to escape through the window , and he couldn get 't out through the door .
tr	I	I found quickly my smoking gun : Search the Universe .
tr	I	We did a scan and saw some damage , some in lesions the cerebrum white matter axons .
tr	I	' Then I afraid 'm I have an appointment . '
tr	I	Maybe she 's haunting Caroline 's dreams because she 's stuck on this earth until the truth out comes .
tr	I	The phone was ringing it and was still dark outside .
tr	I	Pure adrenaline kept going me , but I was losing focus .
tr	I	A broken of section table lay across his neck .
tr	I	Zane studied 's Ty silhouette in the dim hallway .
tr	I	Tears started rolling from his as eyes he spoke .
te	I	Especially when in here Alaska we had to wear like a hundred layers just to keep from freezing .
tr	I	Besides , having something around needing fixed was what he himself had needed for long a time .
tr	I	I will only state that men the at the watchtower on the edge of the Darkling Wood in the northeast need help .
tr	I	This had to be a my trick brain was playing .
va	I	gaining everyone attention 's .
tr	I	In fact , she was surprised had Annie mentioned it at all .
te	I	I really 't don want to relive the experience .
va	I	He 'd made the deal and he would be bound to it eternity throughout .
tr	I	He was going get to Cameron back in only a few short ours .
te	I	I wish she keep would that shit to herself .
te	I	My hands start to shake , heart my rate picking up as soon as I realize this .
tr	I	Eyes glowed red with flames .
tr	I	Why live in one body when you can be free , timeless ultimately and powerful , just like a god ?
tr	I	He could feel the slow trickle of blood where her nails cut had his face .
tr	I	I rushed my to unmade bed and sat down with my legs crossed .
tr	I	He out reaches , snags my elbow .
tr	I	He through played it once , and then again .
tr	I	And saw silver a sedan cruising down the street .
tr	I	My patience was away slipping .
tr	I	Brushing doubts all aside , Alexander rushed behind Arthur straight to another obstacle they had to overcome .
te	I	The pure , radiant light swallowed everything , wrapping around every corner , seeping into crack every , and piercing every shadow .
tr	I	He said , peeling the open lid .
tr	I	Because had I remembered .
te	I	You were given a life to live and you at failed living it .
tr	I	A muscle ticked in jaw his .
tr	I	They 're scary not .
tr	I	Then he corked the bottle and put a cooling spell it on .
tr	I	The wagons headed for royal the palace are naturally off limits .
tr	I	I grab her under arm her to help stabilize her .
te	I	The paintings were shredded into paper thin strips ; some of them embed by millions bullets of .
va	I	Through steam the of stir-fry , I watched the cooks and staff for a pattern .
tr	I	Nope , but least at he knows it .
te	I	He grabbed back the of her hair in his fist and angled her neck back .
va	I	He knew he 't couldn let Violet convince him to fall in love with her .
tr	I	Elissa asked , jumping out and running towards Veronica who was in the of middle a contraction .
tr	I	The rings on his fingers were enormous , and one of his was ears pierced at least 10 times .
tr	I	It was sweet and and romantic incredible , but ... terrifying .
tr	I	I didn respond 't .
tr	I	The door slowly opened to reveal woman the her mother had spoken about .
tr	I	She softly stroked her hair back from her face and assured her the Blood Cutters pay would for their abuse and insolence .
tr	I	He was dead before he forward fell against the horn .
tr	I	Beyond , on the Green Carpet , the musketeers ' torch spread a of pool smoky light .
tr	I	I don 't get what he was saying , but I sensed he apologizing was for the night he barged in my room .
te	I	I can 't believe how much we 've gotten done less in than 48 hours .
va	I	Seth 's shoulders jerk forward as he a sputters high-pitched laugh .
tr	I	I happy 'm being single .
tr	I	That was when she was vulnerable and Zeke could make way his to Central Command .
tr	I	19 NO LOVE Everyone stared at one another around the conference table after the lawyer left room the .
va	I	She took a step forward and her put hand over his heart .
tr	I	He 't doesn need their adoration , He needs their minds .
tr	I	Well right now as Mimi made her way into the press in wing the Academy command building , she mulled over those facts .
tr	I	At not least yet .
tr	I	I took off running , tearing through the woods and ripping out into sand the .
tr	I	His heart was throbbing , and was so his head .
tr	I	Crossing his arms looking and away , Sasuke pouted .
tr	I	You should something find to bring home for lunch .
va	I	How would look that ?
tr	I	Her that instinct led her stubbornly and unerringly to danger and utter chaos .
tr	I	Margaret stood and Matt off finished the last bite of his dessert before joining her .
tr	I	A dress , she told definitely me .
va	I	Brick tried to rush the for stairs .
tr	I	Oh , yeah ... hummed she .
tr	I	Curiously , nobody seemed aware of the bigger events taking place outside the hospital , indeed and elsewhere in the building .
tr	I	He held his out hand .
tr	I	He drove across , remembering his grandfather him taking to Mercer Island when he was young .
tr	I	Rick held a wobbly shot in glass the air .
tr	I	How I did know ?
tr	I	A great man - He 's the greatest villain the in history of science .
tr	I	The drone gave no that indication it had understood .
tr	I	She sent me a few emails asking me how I was but didn I 't answer them which made making the call all the more difficult .
tr	I	During this time , he would really thinking about the power he would exercise , just out of the realm her of perception .
tr	I	After a brief silence , Tork spoke suddenly .
tr	I	There was nothing but a single bed standing in a neat ward white .
tr	I	It opened was immediately by an attractive , plump girl of about eighteen .
tr	I	I closed eyes my .
tr	I	I wouldn 't find out for a weeks few just how different it would be .
tr	I	Cole joined her in bed , his hands full with Cuddles tucked one under arm and a box of Kleenex in the other .
tr	I	Blaire nodded and turned to walk toward the condo 'd she been running for earlier .
tr	I	So they were still their on own out here .
tr	I	I angry 'm now .
tr	I	I 'd everything done right .
tr	I	Misses Ling took his hand , using it to rise from seat her .
tr	I	Her stopped shots and I heard footsteps running , but I stayed put .
tr	I	Outside , Falconer held the weapon up display to it .
tr	I	she said , with a bright , cheerful voice that she wasn definitely 't feeling inside .
tr	I	Nor he did want her trying to play the savior and attempt to patch things up with Sam .
tr	I	He 'd found her , and because all he 'd caught her off guard the previous evening during the fireworks display .
tr	I	As ordered , transaction the proceeded under complete radio silence .
te	I	Inside cupboard the , I found what could only have been described as Annalise 's stash of sweets .
tr	I	And who men could confidently handle a powerful car ?
tr	I	Max the pushed pile of papers from the center of the table toward Joey .
te	I	There were dozens of cement positioned bunkers around the base .
tr	I	Olivia 's was voice an octave higher .
tr	I	He plunged inside her again , filling her beyond her limits with power every and weakness .
tr	I	She gone 'd through most of her life with her armor firmly in place .
tr	I	In Benson 's case , was it almost a boundary between two computers - his brain and the little computer wired into his shoulder .
tr	I	With that being said , I 've a composed list of rules for the women I see .
te	I	Ezio glimpsed Machiavelli 's retreating back as he fled down a street that toward led the Tiber , then he was gone .
tr	I	The was weather bad and the roads weren 't much better .
tr	I	I smiled imagining an actual list of protocol on one stands night .
tr	I	I 't couldn look away fast enough .
tr	I	There appear did to be a platform ten or twenty feet up .
te	I	We the serenaded bar 's patrons as they meandered to their cars at 2 AM .
tr	I	It a had slightly more modern radio than the old 1950s Studebaker .
tr	I	You are vigilante a .
tr	I	It was during one of those nights when Joshua Mister and weren 't too far behind him .
tr	I	The insult slid off Bobby of like water .
va	I	Aaron uttered his first word shedding since Kyle 's blood .
te	I	I 'd to intended return to Jersey , but I ended up in the shittiest motel on Fremont Street .
tr	I	A lump in forms my chest .
tr	I	The motion made my ribs and collarbone worse ache , and I groaned with pain .
tr	I	What he wanted to know was why she still hadn 't him approached about it .
tr	I	The frame around the smaller living room window in front gave way and broke into on pieces the ground .
tr	I	He had his made stand , and she respected him for it .
te	I	That was all the main battle leaders for accounted .
te	I	Catherine stood with Ted and walked the couple her to door .
tr	I	He 'd to tried make it good for her through the pain .
te	I	Chad appeared in light the .
tr	I	But I still 't wasn very happy .
tr	I	Diamonds flickering their messages final .
tr	I	And I didn 't want to take Mia 's suggestion even if I could Buck reach 's house and I doubted I could .
tr	I	I tried had for ten years .
tr	I	He put down his glass , holding his hand to out me .
tr	I	One by one , members entered the booths as if they were voting in national a election .
tr	I	Get it with over .
tr	I	Tick knew she was right , and about for three seconds hated her for it .
tr	I	Behind the desk sat a in man a suit .
va	I	This was interesting because their relationships mirrored the image Thomas of , Shawn , Brandon and Keith .
tr	I	He swallowed the last morsel in his mouth spoke and .
tr	I	Abraham , a devoted father of five , had three of his grown children with him the on mountain farm .
tr	I	I a had brother an inch away from death I couldn 't free .
tr	I	Jia picked the up paper lying on the table in front of her .
tr	I	I was determined to a get good whack in this time .
tr	I	She didn 't know her , but she sleeps in the same room and shares the same walls four that Chloe did .
tr	I	There are several more like him who the feel same way .
va	I	Liz wiggled into a fitted T-shirt zipped and up her capris .
tr	I	I brought my hand to up her cheek and made her eyes lift to mine , pulling back a little so I could look into them .
tr	I	Micha is in bed my and has me in his long , lean arms .
tr	I	This was not at true all .
te	I	' Dear Isobel , I used to work with your you mother know , before she had you .
tr	I	His stretch lips across his face before retracting .
tr	I	The drink recipes she 's come up are with going to make this whole Tea company idea work , and work big .
tr	I	The stars were still visible , and Jessica could tell from the Milky Way that she was headed the in right direction .
tr	I	She was only feeling , amazed how at perfectly his body fit against hers .
tr	I	This is not a game are we playing with the revolutionaries !
te	I	Cassie inquired , unable stop to herself .
te	I	The first box was filled with miscellaneous instruction and manuals material safety data sheets .
tr	I	It took Maxwell some to time calm down from the incident at the Globe .
tr	I	He rubbed a over hand his eyes .
tr	I	Despite having had a little time to process his betrayal , I still didn 't trust myself to be in the same as room him .
va	I	An indistinguishable creature out reaching to him .
tr	I	It 't couldn be true .
te	I	I shuddered to think of that what first death blow would be like .
tr	I	I her let have it for a minute before stepping back from her , watching as she pulled herself together .
tr	I	She stops still stares and at me .
tr	I	That would have been to something watch , a Were tracking through the city .
te	I	She so was tired and a little sick , the motion of her horse not exactly helping with that .
tr	I	If he weren 't so happy with himself , I might even have considered it .
va	I	Ponder looked down at thing the they had hammered together . '
va	I	Paula called , carrying what looked like very a heavy tray of scones .
te	I	I feel a pang of what be could homesickness as I think about stepping beyond .
tr	I	William recognized the vampire , but he did know the vampire as a friend ... or as an enemy ?
tr	I	He wouldn 't stand out in a crowd , I which suppose is the point .
tr	I	A half dozen radical tried groups to take credit , making the truth even more difficult to ferret out .
tr	I	Damien caught eye my from a few feet away .
te	I	Which home brought the fact that her frame of mind had been skewed all day .
tr	I	Mikhail knee 's gently pushed her legs apart .
te	I	Who else would have given a scarlet gown to unmarried an lady ?
tr	I	It was time let to the fire go out .
va	I	What is there to about do this situation ?
tr	I	' See you later , ' said I .
tr	I	Dominic frowned , but didn say 't a word .
te	I	No way would her parents let her anywhere go now .
tr	I	I walked up and down ravine the .
tr	I	He scorned had him just as everyone else did .
tr	I	He could be just at work , but what if he not 's .
tr	I	A heavily built blonde Murderer reaches me first , slashing my at throat .
tr	I	Something had happened to Anna she after left her friends in Lewes to return to Seaford .
tr	I	He made a small fire and enjoyed a meal dried of meat and fruit .
tr	I	That is if had I money .
tr	I	By the time school let out for summer vacation , had he his $ 100 .
tr	I	Someone had to lead and take the victory , but said everyone it was ' too cold ' to go out .
tr	I	His father would have made the choice same .
tr	I	She clutched at him and now tried to breathe .
va	I	I incredulously twisted from side to side to catch every angle .
tr	I	And the camp whole , unfortunately .
tr	I	I propped myself on the closed toilet lid and gazed at with him big eyes .
tr	I	By then someone when passed away I simply covered the body , since every man was either dead or too sick to bury them .
va	I	The tailing car went on by , but I never caught a glimpse of driver the .
tr	I	They were alone , alone very .
tr	I	The silver orb became energized , fiery , glowed and violently as it did today .
te	I	asked Brother Maxwell , daring not to touch him .
tr	I	This not should please me as much as it does .
tr	I	He could see no more than a handful of yards any in direction .
te	I	Kenji wasn 't that into anime either , but he had to admit loved he Ribbon no Kishi .
tr	I	Daniel followed her looked and out .
tr	I	A dull rippled ache through her .
tr	I	Benji at glared her .
tr	I	Perhaps you answered the notice on the board the from Baron .
tr	I	She considered whether the had time come to admit the lie or whether she should continue in it .
tr	I	Eveline do could nothing but stare in shock at the other woman 's vehemence .
tr	I	Teddy dangerous was to the rest of us .
tr	I	Have you noticed how the so-called fairer sex can surprisingly be blood-thirsty ?
tr	I	Elena slowly trailed back up stairs the .
tr	I	At the third room down , I jiggled the knob on the off that chance it had been left unlocked .
tr	I	I 'm traveler a by nature .
tr	I	Moving fast didn 't sound bad so .
tr	I	I wasn 't enough big to bash out his brains .
tr	I	He it did twice .
tr	I	The was door open , but there were no footprints marring the fresh snow on the walk .
tr	I	All she had to do was a be nice dog and curl in front of the fireplace .
tr	I	Compassion dictates we that must make allowances .
tr	I	Shane 's control wasn 't much better even though he was most the experienced between the two of them .
tr	I	They spent every moment together , often very close together , but the affection from week a ago was gone .
tr	I	And again , my mind wandered , not to the witches or Jonah or the of sanity this plan , but to Viggo .
te	I	His arms started to shake the under strain of the weight .
te	I	She stretched out beside him , pressing herself against his back , how and Joanna Miranda were sleeping to keep warm .
tr	I	I strode across the cafeteria , anger burning in chest my .
tr	I	Killian out burst laughing .
tr	I	I recovered myself and began analyze to him .
va	I	There was a also philosophical problem .
tr	I	Blue eyes , hair brown , boyish smile .
tr	I	Sharp shot pain through her , and she screamed out .
tr	I	The one biggest being where he had gone so early this morning .
tr	I	The guy is like a now ghost .
te	I	Not that was she planning to go anywhere .
va	I	To his left Ajax made a choking sound and reeled away up tunnel the .
tr	I	It was a full wolf howl , one made to from echo hilltop to hilltop across wide plains .
tr	I	She didn 't think she find 'd joy in anything for a long time if ever again .
tr	I	Once at a safe distance , Mike turned to face Leon and saw that his was body entirely gone , devoured by the Wanderers .
tr	I	I had never seen my mother scared so before in my entire life .
tr	I	She rose from the bed and smoothed her skirts , wishing she didn 't so look bloody awful .
tr	I	Uriah and Zeke are there , throwing off pebbles the roof and listening for the clatter when they hit the windows .
tr	I	I 'd say Hendrix and The Leaves version of that chestnut are -- enough yet there are , what , twenty or fifty or so versions .
te	I	My heartbeat pounded loudly so I could barely hear Embry or the questions she flung .
tr	I	Very well , if you determined are .
tr	I	Kali was about to answer him , but I stopped her by placing my hand hers on .
te	I	It was much larger than thought I .
tr	I	The make dance shift floor in the middle of the living room was still filled with teenage lust .
tr	I	Too to late protect them from the inevitable heartbreak she 'd known would come .
te	I	Normally he 'd been have long gone by now .
te	I	I a free breath imprisoned in my chest .
tr	I	He followed until their foreheads and touched their lips were mere inches apart .
tr	I	He quickly went over the options and reminded he himself had every right to leave .
te	I	That wanted you to pick another fight this morning and were looking for any excuse to start one ?
tr	I	It 's time about !
tr	I	Summer suspected he was preparing a list questions of .
tr	I	I could tell he trying was to offend .
tr	I	At least about the part of having someone else take care the of house .
tr	I	I fell and scraped my knee but hardly felt as it he dragged me onto my feet again .
tr	I	He did not feel an electrical connection like he could with Mist the .
tr	I	He 'd buried beside Phoebe his dad , as they had wanted .
tr	I	She a forced small smile .
tr	I	Valentina 's eyes widened at Lori 's blunt question as even Sophie kicked water over her sister .
va	I	Because these aren scratches 't .
tr	I	I 'm it sure should be of interest to you .
tr	I	She took the and notebook flipped idly through the empty pages .
tr	I	Tiny when relaxed he saw her expression .
tr	I	So it was that ten men got ready to leave the that village noon .
tr	I	Was ironic situation the , just because I wanted so bad to meet Alex , and guess what I almost died .
tr	I	That definitely 't wasn the rosy , family filled future she 'd been hoping for .
tr	I	Her sister was a biology major and was on a dune ecosystem study field thing for her masters degree .
tr	I	Chapter Eight The street is reasonably quiet considering the sheer of size the horde we have just fought off .
tr	I	I out wonder loud .
tr	I	I challenge any man to make same the voyage they did .
tr	I	Not they because 're trying to steal it !
tr	I	I pulled in and was greeted by enormously an fat man .
tr	I	Claire glanced down Monica at 's hand and raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	I invoke the of Aspect Courage , to help her take the next step .
tr	I	She glanced toward as him she scraped sliced green peppers into the salad bowl .
tr	I	Andra 's was arm swiftly becoming a problem .
tr	I	I her gave back the money .
tr	I	The stag was perfectly still , motionless a statue , but I had visions of it surging up with a roar and lunging at us .
tr	I	Jim 's a pure soul , a force good for , the Wise Man of the Forest , you know ?
te	I	' Some can ghosts be murderous . '
tr	I	He was sprawled on a hardwood floor , his bindings cut loose and from dangling the chair 's legs and arms .
tr	I	No use fretting about it ; Travis saw as her a geek .
tr	I	If you about think it , that could turn into a huge issue .
tr	I	After a my while mind rested on Colette again .
tr	I	Even her son had developed a newfound passion for reading now he that had learned that he could decipher battle plans that way .
tr	I	Her flew eyes open .
te	I	No about doubt it , Sally was intrigued .
tr	I	Gideon grinned at back her .
te	I	I didn 't have the feeling of homecoming when entered I , the feeling I used to have as a kid .
tr	I	They didn 't want return to to the hospital , they didn 't think it was a good idea .
te	I	He 'd been secretive pretty about our final evening together , but I trusted him .
tr	I	Ethan swiped his off 9mm the table and disappeared into the night .
te	I	She didn 't him hate ; she didn 't hate anybody .
va	I	But kept she it quiet .
tr	I	She beat the at door .
tr	I	All vampires the had filled out admission or staff forms , and so I had all their writings .
tr	I	The old didn me 't and the new me doesn 't either .
tr	I	He didn 't get offended , most as men probably would .
tr	I	Blue eyes held a of mixture emotions at his words .
va	I	It was only as I began to get seated that I noticed the buffet , laid out on table the in front of us .
tr	I	Christ , the plan was to the have Sorceress bind me ?
tr	I	This a is critically important time for you guys .
tr	I	The man a wedged cigarette into the corner of his mouth and lit it with a gold zippo .
tr	I	She slipped on her boot , heart still pounding , and trudged a across neighborhood that now resembled a wilderness .
tr	I	One word smacked her right back stark into reality .
tr	I	Her were eyes intent on me .
tr	I	Then he the changed subject .
tr	I	He her took away from their father , kissed her soundly on the mouth , and she giggled .
te	I	My brother is in love you with .
va	I	When speaks he , his voice is soft .
tr	I	The soldiers spoke in tones hushed .
tr	I	Arthur shrugged and went to back tying his shoe .
tr	I	He my needed help .
va	I	As they were slowly swung open Emily decided instinctively that a bowed head and downcast eyes might get her into less trouble in this place .
tr	I	It must have been a Stone elemental , one who 'd sensed the same disturbance in the balcony rubble that I at had the mansion .
tr	I	He wrote the correct number on ticket the and held it out for the last picker .
tr	I	I smiled to myself at the feeling of complete and utter that joy I was experiencing .
tr	I	He walked down the road wagon to the woods keeping an eye out for turkeys .
tr	I	Sleep was him taking .
tr	I	That 's what exactly we would have done and were going to do eventually .
tr	I	I 'm enjoying getting to know the side of you that isn 't to afraid tell me how you feel .
te	I	She 's a floor scrubber home at .
te	I	Someone would meet him at the airfield pick to up the salmon delivery .
tr	I	This wouldn 't suit my figure all at .
tr	I	That was the surprise : that she would be using Kiernan to gain a fortune , yet be almost as as angry he was by the arrangement .
va	I	From now on won we 't drink anything stronger than coffee .
va	I	He just crawled off the bed and started dressed getting .
tr	I	Ryder ignored the pain and for reached her again .
tr	I	She almost laughed in their - faces two more unlikely suitors she could not imagine .
tr	I	My bodyguard all knows about these sorts of tricks .
tr	I	With our new strong monarch leading the people and faith the , it was only a matter of time before Judaea was free from heretics and dissenters .
tr	I	Nic 's voice incredulous was .
tr	I	If you were on the football field and he was on the line you protecting , trust me , you 'd feel differently .
va	I	I 'd watching been this whole exchange in horror .
tr	I	We can all go to this house party and then on call Craddock .
tr	I	Her was stomach weighed down with knots that made her feel sick .
tr	I	His jaw drops just enough , then widens into smile a like he 's won the lottery .
tr	I	Proper authorities , meaning whomever Monroe suspected being of the mole .
tr	I	Kelly walked over to the area sitting , joining the parents .
tr	I	He didn 't ask my permission , he simply tangled his hands in my hair and my jerked mouth to his .
tr	I	Me to go school ?
tr	I	She had the someone feeling was watching from behind .
va	I	Maybe 's that why they got along so well .
tr	I	Darius had to that admit the speech , in Verne 's voice , had quite a ring to it .
tr	I	Only know you the story completely .
tr	I	Lacey is grinning from ear to ear when she pulls up to corner the at nine .
tr	I	He didn 't feel like explanations making for his prolonged absence .
tr	I	Nick asked , standing also .
tr	I	It was her birthday 17th , and was officially her worst birthday in 10 years .
tr	I	It was one thing to be shelled another and thing to be shot at .
tr	I	No sooner had she let go of her nose , than the pungent smell of the pill lay down as thick a taste on her tongue .
tr	I	The hole rabbit suddenly got a whole lot darker .
tr	I	It was a sad statement on her life that the most exciting entertainment she think could of was a movie .
tr	I	She leans forward , resting arms her on her legs , her hands clasping .
tr	I	I cover cup the of her bra , lifting and squeezing the flesh encased beneath .
tr	I	One hand held hat the from the bottom and the other covered the opening at the top .
tr	I	Naman asked , rather pacing than sitting .
tr	I	She to began worry about infection .
tr	I	Tell me when 're you close , my love .
va	I	My dad pulled the couch out and there was a fried hamster , sitting next the to cord .
tr	I	Even as she spoke the words , she wondered if he her understood .
tr	I	Joshua handed Anna the flashlight and she Sean followed .
tr	I	What stupid a and risky thing to say .
tr	I	It amazed me that , in strange such and hostile territory , I could still feel comfortable within her house .
va	I	He me squeezes , his face glowing .
tr	I	She found it not impossible to .
tr	I	Some of those people are fanatics for their cause , and we don 't exactly know how many of them are on Earth .
tr	I	There was a young onboard kid .
va	I	They loved each other and they did not know they that suffered .
tr	I	She wiped what I hoped a was happy tear from her eyes .
tr	I	There are of stacks photos beside him and a bucket of raw chicken .
tr	I	Gregor hadn 't meant to make him feel worse than he did already .
tr	I	Bay stock went still .
tr	I	Wow , that pay would all the maintenance and more .
tr	I	I couldn 't Lucien believe brought me here .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting author the 's work .
tr	I	And , just for an instant , his curved lips in response .
tr	I	He noticed the bleeding had stopped thanks to the cold water , but still he made sure it was clean before continuing to dry her hair .
tr	I	Lily had prepared Collin 's snack and brought it him to on the back porch .
tr	I	I opened my arms to her inviting in her .
va	I	Sophia asked as she settled her expensive Gucci bag her at feet .
tr	I	He didn 't have a system , for whatever reason , but she knew he enjoyed because games they had talked about it .
tr	I	It was a depressing kind of that rain soaked into everything .
va	I	The whole package warmed him a in way Mrs. Robbins never could .
tr	I	He 'd get back at old the bitch next time by skipping the weed trimming .
tr	I	Knew that he had wanted her to rest and recuperate in one place , and maybe even have some sense of for stability once in her life .
tr	I	I half laughed , choked half .
tr	I	I was glad ; I 't didn want him to .
tr	I	Her head had gotten in stuck replay mode , leaving no breaks in between .
tr	I	I intend to accept Tarn 's offer , but my inclination toward a course of action always plummets in direct correlation to 's someone demand .
tr	I	If she 'd to wanted turn back now , it would 've been too late .
tr	I	They stood their with arms around each other , only partly for warmth .
tr	I	Not only because he needed to earn back her trust , also but because he had to warn her of Amadeus .
tr	I	The asphalt me beneath felt so stable , so wonderfully stable .
tr	I	The sunlight made a rainbow it where passed through the falling water .
tr	I	In her arms were a pile account of books .
te	I	Riley Duncan looked at across her the front desk .
tr	I	My body is the thing only you could possibly be interested in , I presume ?
tr	I	He the held weapon easily .
tr	I	They were going too fast the ; rock wall too sheer and too high .
tr	I	Jazmine wandered Ali into 's room just then and flopped down on the bed with all the enthusiasm of a slug .
tr	I	Their eyes continually bled from all of the things that had they seen .
tr	I	After a less than noteworthy four years of high school Roger was ready to consider the manner in which he might make the world better a place .
va	I	The whys and hows weren important 't .
tr	I	Memories of the day and her brush with came death back to scare the hell out of him when he least expected it .
va	I	How can one girl 's world so be shattered .
tr	I	Polonius in grinned return .
tr	I	She waved her hand vaguely toward staircase the .
te	I	His emotions were already all over board the .
tr	I	After ... I wanted to her rake eyeballs out .
tr	I	He could get lost in eyes those .
tr	I	he her asked softly .
tr	I	I like simplification the you did here .
tr	I	Also , as I last said night , please keep this meeting confidential .
tr	I	Why it was so difficult , thought Toby , just to tell them that he loved them ?
tr	I	He it checked against a calendar .
tr	I	Emily at flinched first but then relaxed .
tr	I	She looked down him at .
va	I	I into ducked Meir 's arm .
tr	I	Gavin leapt at the opportunity to refute statement my .
tr	I	He did not his take eyes off Lillian .
tr	I	My and sisters I hardly saw him that first year after my parents separated .
tr	I	Mary 's out in the garden , hanging out the washing , when Joshua 's father arrives in a trap pony .
tr	I	It rang three times before the receiver was picked up at the other of end the line .
va	I	Besides which he flies to back London on Monday .
tr	I	Eager to get me back on a path to and rest treatment .
tr	I	A little red dome glowed camera on one and Hammond shifted subtly .
te	I	Grant started Ihad for my truck when I noticed Rush 's Range Rover .
tr	I	Nina turned right onto Lincoln and sped toward Camelback Mountain , its prominent humps over towering the city .
va	I	He left it ajar for the two to students follow , which they did .
te	I	She beckoned , gave him a look burned that through him .
tr	I	I think 're you being too soft on her . '
tr	I	The pair sat in silence a for minute and then Lord Hutchinson set his tea cup on the desk and spoke .
tr	I	Seems the less I care more the I win ; lost a bit too mind you . '
tr	I	We 're just little specks the against endless snow .
tr	I	Raffaele turns eyes his to me , and the sun catches the brilliant , shifting colors in his irises .
tr	I	Back to work , Tom told himself , and focused on the at business hand .
te	I	Francesca could see his was hand trembling .
tr	I	His thumb followed the thin lines of soot that where showed the stone had been blasted apart .
tr	I	I found it near the third well covered in purple dust still but intact .
tr	I	I think of so many ways to get it done , and to get with away it .
tr	I	It was hard keeping a secret so for long !
tr	I	He was reacting to the mental push by rubbing head his , shaking it as if his head needed clearing .
tr	I	I guess 'm I an introvert in that way .
tr	I	His older brother have would his hide for this , but Rich would deal with Jason later .
tr	I	Let know me if you need anything .
tr	I	Those Secret Service really guys know their stuff .
va	I	Dean was answering more now for sport than anything else .
tr	I	Yusuf at paused one of them and pushed cautiously at its door , which swung open .
tr	I	Fuchs has to up slip .
tr	I	Eventually they down ran another section of road , until they came to a small park .
va	I	I still can 't be sure if she 's awake not or .
tr	I	Standing up , she turned around so her aunt could help unfasten gown her .
tr	I	Trig was him beyond too .
tr	I	He looks concerned , but I 'm speechless , my darting gaze around the room .
tr	I	Dawn stood beside Daniel as they goodbye waved .
te	I	For the plan commence to , separation had to occur .
te	I	He trembled anticipation with .
te	I	Thus that ended Friday afternoon .
tr	I	His moved tongue over my mouth with heady slowness , exotic and consuming .
tr	I	Look at the braids two of hair , one black the other red .
tr	I	Slowly she nodded head her .
tr	I	Nature was calling and I needed an extra large cup coffee of and two aspirin for my pounding headache .
va	I	It a was full-on massive attack and I had no idea how to get out of it .
tr	I	And she then remembered .
tr	I	His type of music used to be loud with screaming angry singers yelling over loud drums that did their best play to over the even louder guitars .
tr	I	I don 't draw people 's to eyes me .
tr	I	Just because we study science , it doesn 't there mean aren 't things that defy us .
tr	I	When I was sure I was ready , I grabbed my truck and keys opened the front door .
tr	I	Christophe bit his lip and stomped his foot hard enough on the ground he that injured himself in the process .
tr	I	Julie took a seat on one of the and benches watched the kids play .
tr	I	But then 'd I walked out there and realized I couldn 't see them .
tr	I	Emma had noticed the mutt , too , a curly-haired mixed breed , part probably poodle .
va	I	The past couple days 've I learned something else too .
te	I	Felt more rage building him in .
tr	I	The bleeding 's worse since you pulled me up and we won 't make it too many more steps you before pass out .
tr	I	I told him I didn 't know anything about him , but then I explained everything had that happened with Amanda and your brother .
tr	I	Dressed in a simple muslin day gown and bathed in indirect sunlight , she looked young as as when they 'd first met .
te	I	The 's door open .
tr	I	For no rational reason other than he wanted to know he had all Amber to himself .
va	I	Josie veered off to kitchen the , settled Max , and poured herself some coffee .
tr	I	Her phone buzzed insistently the on nightstand , shattering the spell .
tr	I	My body was beginning to tense up as moved he closer to me .
va	I	When the nurse suite said , I 'd thought she meant a big room .
tr	I	He didn 't look up as I stood and the opened door a crack .
tr	I	Devyn came around the car and moved in front of me , looking sexy as hell in his moss green kilt white and shirt .
tr	I	You are one the in charge .
tr	I	His hands were joined behind his back , his fingers mysteriously intertwined , the while hoarse creaking of the old floorboards accompanied his footsteps .
tr	I	She seemed to have gotten over her initial shock , and her narrowed eyes shrewdly .
te	I	I remained somewhat touch in with the outside world through radio and listened as conditions grew grimmer by the day .
tr	I	Rachel tried to on focus Adriane .
tr	I	He flew in a straight line over Dorian 's bridge , it cleared , and then soon vanished out of view .
tr	I	Maybe it was because were we at the Vine .
va	I	Mel 's spliced in showed video him at his carpeting store desk .
tr	I	They will have to to learn adapt to a new home , and a new way of life that 's unlike anything we know here .
tr	I	I then walked over to my room as swiftly my as body would allow me to go .
tr	I	I need precise info catch to this creature !
te	I	Humanity , for all its spectacular achievements , was a spent force collapsing under own its contradictions .
te	I	She looked up and saw line the of smoke still crawling under the clouds above them .
tr	I	I even sold rain the stick you showed me that time .
tr	I	The last shot you fired from that ... antiquated excuse for a weapon you have went off uselessly the into air .
tr	I	I take it as a warning , which I think how is he meant it .
tr	I	Obviously the silence in her loft him told everything he needed to know .
tr	I	Such small creatures he ; thought .
tr	I	I imagined bursting into the lock room up and shooting her for the hell of it .
tr	I	Some of the croaks were massive like belches , others almost musical , others fierce and threatening .
tr	I	Tomorrow , I 'll finally make headway real again .
va	I	He didn 't realize how much that feeling would to mean him .
tr	I	He proceeded to make out the ticket , got the forty pounds , presented and them both in exchange for the diamond ring .
va	I	I 've also been pretty indecisive , and unable to come to a conclusion as to what to do regarding my conundrum regarding Four the Sided Triangles .
tr	I	How more much relaxed could I be ?
tr	I	First , her and father mother , and then her sister .
tr	I	I snapped my jaw shut and flexed my aching still fist .
tr	I	To formalize my intentions , I bend with my arms tucked against my body in most the eloquent wa I can offer .
te	I	For all know you , that man could be my husband .
tr	I	She thought at first of Keep the .
tr	I	Then I 'd have to admit to I myself really believed it .
tr	I	Basically , if something against goes my wards , it will kick back 10 times as hard .
tr	I	Michael his put hands on his hips and shook his head .
tr	I	Cassidy heard the woman 's buzz voice through the phone .
tr	I	And there was no reason for Magnus to Will tell and Tessa what he had learned .
tr	I	The shaky mask in at place the hospital .
tr	I	At the brink of the living room , she slowed , her movements guarded she as made her way to Helene .
tr	I	Everyone in village the was waiting .
tr	I	She can hear sounds of movement grunting and .
va	I	I on tugged my tank and crossed the room .
tr	I	Though difficult to tell because waddled he quickly to the other side with his mouth open in warning .
tr	I	He pulled down shirt his collar , revealing his deformed collar bone .
te	I	I tense in response to the in flare his energy .
tr	I	Confusion muddles features his .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ Everything hurt .
va	I	She slid her hands around his waist leaned and in .
tr	I	The operator had parts of the bulldozer engine spread out on the tread great of the machine .
va	I	He at looks me and again his face is dark .
tr	I	Kylie slid her phone her in pocket .
tr	I	Besides , the raiders only hit the farmsteads outer .
tr	I	For the first in time his life he felt complete .
tr	I	Crystal laughed patted and Lysander on the shoulder .
tr	I	He turned to back the window .
tr	I	' I doubt there 'll be left anything . '
tr	I	He would be a fool to think it should happen now , just because he finding was himself intrigued with darkly beautiful , damaged Corinne .
tr	I	The creature opens its mouth as if scream to , but there is no sound , no movement as she leaves it immobile on the ground .
tr	I	Far below the traffic of the living world passed , dots buses of and taxis in constant congestion .
tr	I	What on earth that did mean ?
tr	I	Flour dusted his and trousers coated his hair .
tr	I	All of them ended with him taken being in by the DOD .
tr	I	Somehow , though , she all felt like doing was exactly what Vittorio had suggested .
tr	I	I wanted to tell you , but I embarrassed was by my fear , and shame .
tr	I	All of the fight went out of in her a rush .
va	I	Andra slowly turned her head to look straight ahead but she griped her ax tightly and strained to hear the sound of any movement the from creature .
tr	I	He held her for several minutes -- until he felt tears her fall on his forearm .
tr	I	One by one pirates notice swords the in the air fighting each other .
te	I	It was there when we met , and it 's made what me want to kiss you that first time .
te	I	On the billboard a 's pirate treasure chest slowly opened and shut , like a clam 's shell .
tr	I	She shut the book threw and it across the sand .
va	I	We 're probably not even to going be able to hurt them very much .
tr	I	He disappearing says from view .
tr	I	I it locked quickly , taking a moment to breathe in peace before I stripped down and slid my body into the dress .
tr	I	He pulled from her grasp and out pushed the door .
tr	I	He dipped her over steely a arm , his hand tilting her head back to better open her airway .
tr	I	And then there Josef was .
tr	I	Kennedy on sat the bed .
te	I	You 'd be surprised big what sellers those things are .
te	I	The criminal pulls out his illegal weapon and the law-abiding citizen pulls out legal his weapon .
tr	I	Clay was watching the fuel gauge and hoping there enough was gas to get back to the office .
tr	I	Greg 's temporary loss of control was nothing to compared the wreckage Valerie 's family was capable of making of my life , if they so chose .
tr	I	She tried to him give a reassuring smile , though it was tinged with uneasiness .
tr	I	The small stone building had been much pretty demolished .
tr	I	Its tip pierced 's Jace skin , sending a hot stab of pain through his body .
tr	I	She let go backed and away to third base .
tr	I	He intended to let Jackson and George take over the company , but supposedly George was jealous very of Jackson 's relationship with Rachel .
tr	I	Melanie hadn 't clue a what he was talking about until she got home and inserted the card into her computer .
tr	I	Two days following his arrival in Cactus Junction , Buck looked up the real estate office of his old friend Dakota , Gus .
te	I	The werewolves have scent your .
tr	I	He didn 't want to imagine what his life would be like she after left , either .
te	I	People are spilling out the front and door I can hear the music halfway down the block .
tr	I	I stifled frustrated a scream , settling for an anguished groan .
tr	I	She had grown to love those voices , had grown love to the sounds of the wood pigeons and the thunder in the late afternoon .
tr	I	Eyes narrowing , she snatched the black lace , a with matching bra .
tr	I	But I have be to in control .
tr	I	He leaned in back his chair and closed his eyes .
tr	I	As the ocean rushed in all her around , Rachel felt herself sucked under .
tr	I	Weeping with joy , Toby searched a for door handle .
va	I	I addressed the more polite of the two , asking another question obvious .
va	I	We had an autistic kid in here last week who screamed than less you .
tr	I	I was in love Ian with Aberdeen .
te	I	Above the silhouettes slim of the nearby pines , bright stars pierce the silent sky .
tr	I	Why had he settled for letting know her what he could have done ?
tr	I	Ward was disturbed the by bandit 's interest in his daughter .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything forcing him to do it , except that maybe he to wanted touch me .
tr	I	The next was step to drive up to Miami and visit their families .
va	I	Dorothea refilled wineglass her .
tr	I	when only ... ... five minutes before she had brushed by , shoving me with her elbow I as stood blocking the bathroom door .
va	I	I really , hoped really it was a smile .
va	I	Still , as she waved him forward and he reluctantly zoomed up to her , she couldn deny 't how hesitant he appeared .
tr	I	The images of his face distressed danced behind my eyelids .
va	I	She turned , to deciding head back to the kitchen for more .
tr	I	A branch snagged in her hair , forcing her stop to again .
va	I	I could it feel shaking , but couldn 't respond fast enough .
tr	I	Monday - 2 June , 1985 Lily gave me and Doug a little dark blue velvet bag .
tr	I	I gestured for Gabrielle Louis and to sit opposite , close , where I could see them .
te	I	How she wanted to him hurt !
tr	I	Now that we have established a permanent trading post in Kiev , it is this trading factory that receives the cargo or payments from south the . '
tr	I	She wil play dumb and devastated the to police .
tr	I	Like he 's happy perplexed and and extremely agitated all at the same time .
tr	I	Summer elbows and me I lose it .
tr	I	The world is never ideal , course of .
tr	I	Why would he give her up if he her liked ?
va	I	They silently sat waiting .
tr	I	He yanked 'd open the snap of his jeans , pulled down the zipper and he pushed between her legs .
tr	I	Sarah a lingered moment longer , then followed .
te	I	When he seemed to realize his words had stung her , he scrubbed a hand over face his and sighed .
tr	I	I 'd screwed up last and night I 'd hurt Zayne more than I probably even realized .
tr	I	You don 't have marry to me ! ' '
va	I	Kelly 's shoulders and slumped he rolled his eyes .
tr	I	It would be better for her body to ache and her mind to remember that she would have to go without she ... could go without .
tr	I	I 'd that say we 've encountered ' tampering ' again .
tr	I	The meeting adjourned an hour later , and gathered Kelly her things , careful to keep her eyes forward .
tr	I	He put it in neutral , and slowly pushed it to the end of his driveway , and through rode town at the speed of lightning .
tr	I	Why , the drive would nothing be .
tr	I	Her frown turned into scowl a .
tr	I	He consented at last and passed over pile a of copper crowns .
te	I	Besides which , she had never met a man yet didn who 't think that a no was just a yes waiting to happen .
tr	I	He turned , met my eyes , then away turned as quickly .
tr	I	There seemed be to some monument in the middle of the square .
va	I	he said , to looking Saga .
te	I	It will be right all .
tr	I	There were hundreds photos of of men , women and children of all shapes , sizes , and ages .
tr	I	He knew the girl work would better while she was with someone she trusted .
tr	I	I my made voice stammer .
te	I	Maybe it once worked as video or instructions an interactive guide , but the cord is frayed and the glass cracked .
va	I	He reared back and laughing started .
te	I	You wouldn 't me hurt .
tr	I	I don 't know why I was still Friday letting night bother me so much .
tr	I	A spray nozzle lay beside the sink and I grabbed up it , aimed at the two men nearby , and pulled the trigger .
tr	I	That 's the one thing don I 't want to happen .
tr	I	More sobs burst from my lungs , lava like from a volcano and they came in a torrential downpour of emotion I wasn 't prepared for .
tr	I	The rain had up slowed but it was still coming down .
tr	I	Smiling from the glowing screen , the nymph swayed from side to side her and skirt shook as she danced .
te	I	But I realize now if that anyone has a right to have one of these it 's you .
tr	I	How old was I when I lost virginity my ?
tr	I	You 'll be first the we call .
tr	I	Sarah shook her wearily head .
tr	I	But wherever we live , is there an outside .
tr	I	Tristan lost his balance and crashed against the rock as fell he .
va	I	And then yesterday , he 'd used the element of surprise to his advantage by crashing 's Belinda wedding .
tr	I	I perhaps place less trust in them than he does , but it is the best we can do under the circumstances .
tr	I	The hint he that knew what he said was true .
tr	I	It was the form of a woman , and recognized he her face .
tr	I	But in the end , I my kept promise and headed to the lab to speak with the old man .
tr	I	This doesn 't you suit .
tr	I	Another theory could be someone like Carmine was basically and clever cautious at most times .
tr	I	She tried to exactly recall what Josh had said .
te	I	I 'd reached the farm only just ahead of a renewed English assault to the retake farm .
va	I	The spots on my where face his palms touch my skin are electrified .
tr	I	She really didn 't want to know the ugly , gory details of the war that raged on Erik between and herself .
tr	I	At military bases outside the ASSC states , planes ships and left their bases bound for bases within the ASSC states .
tr	I	Alice sounded away far .
tr	I	Drew in jumped the shower after they ate breakfast together .
va	I	Still , he zero had desire to drink it .
tr	I	It was an unaccustomed and outburst we travelled in silence for a space .
tr	I	I couldn 't what allow hurt me to influence my decisions anymore .
tr	I	To be real honest with you , I never really much thought about Him .
te	I	What the was hell going on ?
tr	I	They were cute but now they are blah just .
tr	I	It seemed to free her from immobility and she ran Sky for as if the girl was teetering at a cliff edge .
tr	I	There , facing down a pair of oddly mismatched thugs Camden was and he was fighting for all he was worth .
tr	I	He doesn even 't know what happened to Uriah .
tr	I	Paul was uneasy in his spirit because the of figure .
te	I	I wanted to ask her why she was so being decent , but couldn 't think of a way to phrase it that wasn 't offensive .
tr	I	Xavier never asked what would he go back to school to study .
te	I	He moved around until he was sitting on the small I table had inside my suite .
tr	I	Larry was working for a plumber and had just certified become by the Department of Labor and Industries .
tr	I	When they had finished eating , they all out pulled their blankets and found a patch of ground on which to sleep .
tr	I	I require you to like be you are .
tr	I	He looked over at Lizzie , who was staring at him , worried a expression on her face .
tr	I	Wayne wasn 't looking at the camera when the picture shot was .
tr	I	He loved elves , though he seldom met them ; but he was a little frightened them of too .
te	I	It was peaceful , the kind of he peaceful sure hadn 't grown up with .
tr	I	He of knew the curses that they suffered from .
tr	I	His arms were folded a way that looked SWAT like team worthy with his dark clothing to hide him .
tr	I	Didn he 't remember - ?
va	I	She couldn 't the see hollow .
tr	I	They sipped drinks their .
tr	I	Everything is done to teach , to opportunities provide to learn .
tr	I	Soon they would distribute the booty , and by nightfall each man amongst them be would rich .
tr	I	Chosen duties One have a way of eating into a man 's personal time .
tr	I	This is a trap we 're setting for bastards these .
te	I	Gaining a little confidence , continues he upward , the vines offering a path all the way up to the very ledge he fell from .
tr	I	They to have want to change their ways .
tr	I	The swordsman didn look 't happy .
tr	I	Adam wanted amusement out life of .
tr	I	I that thought was a good policy .
tr	I	My fingers bleed would , my neck would burn , my back would hurt .
tr	I	Even though had we been in the Glen only a couple of weeks it had raised our spirits .
tr	I	The same that man is under the distinct impression that you and I are enjoying a mutually exclusive relationship .
tr	I	Seeing a of pair sunglasses on a shelf display Mandi picked them up and put them on .
tr	I	Susan did know not what to say for a moment .
tr	I	If you have any ideas , I am all ears , but for right now I am with going the flow .
tr	I	Once again gaze her flicked to his .
tr	I	She wiped tears more from her face .
tr	I	But strange curves and bends and extrusions of glass had developed over years the , and quite often the sand was flowing backwards , or diagonally .
tr	I	The woman sneered she as made a swift kick to Cruz ' abdomen .
tr	I	I to want figure out what happened to my mom .
va	I	He pointed towards the office where a middle-aged bald man was at staring a computer screen .
tr	I	Coaches , an EMT , team her , I don 't know who else , but I know I have to get to her .
tr	I	I read more into our relationship than I have should .
tr	I	I only had about five minutes before the bell ring would , flooding the walkways with students .
tr	I	What was into getting everybody ?
tr	I	Or trying to keep us away from hill the .
tr	I	His eyes come focus into .
tr	I	Tammie Lee hugged Jacqueline as if it 'd been a year of Sundays since she 'd seen last her mother-in-law .
te	I	The wasn voice 't familiar , but it seemed cheerful and happy to see her .
tr	I	Balance , slide , run across the landing to the next of set stairs .
te	I	He worked his way up the hill and peeked a through cabin window .
tr	I	Is this not because the worlds of the two vehicles are present in human the world ?
tr	I	The tight grip on his shield loosened in degrees small .
tr	I	He seemed suddenly nervous , reaching behind his head to scratch back the of his neck .
tr	I	She played the first of bars Cripple Creek .
te	I	You just want to friends be .
tr	I	You 't don get to talk like that to me .
te	I	Abby heard the crunch of boots his on powder , then saw his illuminated figure in the glare of the headlights .
va	I	I my rubbed forehead .
va	I	Cullen 't didn even glance to the tall , burly redhead who was his first .
tr	I	After the two had walked a bit , the spoke captain again .
tr	I	She had a facial tic , her and lovely face was convulsed , dark red , with fury .
tr	I	Just skin and lot a of it at all hours of the day .
tr	I	I pulled one mouthful last and withdrew my fangs .
tr	I	Amy carried power the of positive thinking right to Jake 's office .
tr	I	Tabitha hated that he was seeing her tears couldn but 't stop them flowing down her cheeks .
tr	I	But he was human only .
tr	I	I never went for home more than a few days .
tr	I	Then he was on her right , crouching in the grass tall .
tr	I	Most of the times he 't couldn .
tr	I	I was out of those doors faster I than thought I could move .
tr	I	And at least the for near future she would not be alone .
te	I	He feel could her heat , feel her vibrating under his hands .
tr	I	Dread took hold as her ship onto descended the planet .
tr	I	This was too almost much honesty .
te	I	I need obtain to some information .
va	I	His is mouth warm , spicy like cinnamon .
tr	I	I was sure was he right .
tr	I	The three men scrambled for cover as the club whooped over heads their .
tr	I	But not before he found way a to help Rose , whether she wanted it or not .
tr	I	After spending most of the night thinking about Madison , he 'd finally decided that what had happened them between yesterday was probably for the best .
tr	I	He came in to say to hello my parents while I finished getting ready .
tr	I	They 're just sedating you so the tube be can removed .
tr	I	She has be to safe .
va	I	When her phone rang just lunch before , she looked down and smiled .
tr	I	I a heard sharp intake of breath , and glanced over at him .
tr	I	I padded softly over to the door , being careful not make to any noise .
tr	I	A cleaning crew would knock likely the sensor to the floor with a duster one day , where it would hopefully be swept away .
tr	I	' These rumours just fly around , don 't ... they ' ' My lord , people talk , ' said Slant wearily .
tr	I	A third young Guard jumped through closed and the door as the final soldier collapsed to the ground .
tr	I	' The money would useful be to me .
va	I	Get retaliation your in first was his credo .
tr	I	Deep down , we both must have wanted no this matter how much it hurt .
tr	I	Nicole just her shook head .
tr	I	I the scanned books neatly lined up on Mulberry 's shelves .
tr	I	I looked the over top of and to the sides of burnt buildings that were still smoldering .
tr	I	As he walked around the room , with overflowing beautiful women , his thoughts were of his wife .
tr	I	I could barely feel their energy meaning they in were some kind of trouble .
tr	I	The temperature dropped still more and the intensified snowstorm .
te	I	When she finished , she went to back Dormer .
tr	I	The lump in her throat was threatening to her choke .
tr	I	The speed limit jumped to forty-five , and the lanes doubled two to .
tr	I	It had two been days since Adam had allowed her to leave his place .
tr	I	She had to have some sort of plan in mind have to gone to such lengths .
tr	I	When a Seer and a Guardian have a child child that will either be a Guardian or a Seer based on whether they are female or male .
tr	I	For some reason they all like felt he was alive out there , he was okay , unscathed .
tr	I	Whatever was done being , it wasn 't being done surreptitiously .
tr	I	Raven had heard words his , all of which held truth , but he knew she had no idea of the reality .
tr	I	I turned to tip the used syringe into the hazardous waste container the by counter .
tr	I	How did my childhood buddies all pair up into romantic couples in the space of prepubescent a year ?
tr	I	Another hole on appeared the other side of the room and two people fell in .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe my eyes as took I in my new appearance .
tr	I	I could anything do , even defeat this being , I believed it and so it was real .
tr	I	She shuddered , feeling his exquisite , burning , naked flesh against as hers he slid up and over her .
tr	I	Everything in my life is different shades of gray , so now for , I wing it .
tr	I	But he wouldn 't her let withdraw that easily .
tr	I	He sighed and scrubbed back the hair tumbling on his with forehead both hands .
tr	I	Dragged to edge the .
tr	I	Several people already are seated , quietly chatting to each other .
tr	I	The storm stopped some at point .
tr	I	She also researched several new charities that had introduced been to her .
tr	I	A story needs the guy to still be out there .
tr	I	Thorn narrowed her gaze to on center the speaker , the man standing at Sam 's head .
tr	I	There are castles around all there .
tr	I	Rogan 's was power incredible .
tr	I	Foster kids were troublemakers -- so everyone used to say -- she 'd been a labeled freak from early on .
tr	I	Did know he himself ?
tr	I	A titanic work that demanded the most supercomputers powerful available at that time , and produced rough models .
tr	I	Turning his back attention to the king , Thomas couldn 't help but feel it was the worst scenario that he could have hoped for .
tr	I	Someone or was something exerting enough pressure on her to make eating unpalatable .
va	I	He had accidentally everything spilt , including the fact that he was an assassin .
tr	I	His blood ran cold the at thought .
te	I	Jamie watched her go , then his dropped head into his hands .
tr	I	He was always astounded how by much information Whitney managed to intercept .
te	I	And if why so ?
tr	I	It felt like was he now a different person now .
tr	I	I would really like to spend a couple hours of watching other people live average lives .
tr	I	he asks , completely ignoring Nicole as she watches us with concerned a expression .
va	I	Mariana nods at once him .
te	I	Sometimes his two little granddaughters would be playing in yard the and Esme would stop to watch .
tr	I	You think revenge will your ease pain ?
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	Casey nodded and returned to cereal her .
tr	I	She stepped out and froze when she where saw they were .
va	I	An impressive of array computer and printing equipment lined one wall .
tr	I	With all that was happening around town , could safely I walk the streets ?
tr	I	Why it did feel like I was lying ?
tr	I	You are compelled to your views by a blind faith a in caring God .
tr	I	They 'll kill him just kill to Sebastian .
te	I	He deserved the chance move to on .
tr	I	I don know 't what would have happened if Gavin wouldn 't have shown up when he did .
tr	I	Heat played on the surface my of skin and the bond between us flared until I could feel it as a physical thing .
tr	I	Lea entered the gym and heard some heavy punches , which got attention her .
tr	I	I headed back to the bridal shop , amazed to find that I right was on schedule .
tr	I	Violet turned away from approaching the group .
tr	I	He rubbed blood dried off of his forehead and felt the chill of his drying sweat .
va	I	The livestock building was a large , long metal structure with large sliding doors at both ends and several regular-sized along doors the sides .
va	I	Eric stubbornly put stayed .
va	I	He up crinkled his nose .
tr	I	Keith 's gaze fell as he shuffled feet his .
tr	I	She gave him brightest her smile .
tr	I	She was still shaking and shocked and needed get to indoors .
tr	I	He proceeded to strip of me all my clothes .
tr	I	He studied me , the way had he the first day we 'd met , before I 'd known what he could do .
tr	I	This afternoon , however , Charlotte wouldn 't be in Olivia 's courtroom but Judge in Robson 's .
te	I	I knew exactly she what wanted , but I pretended to not to notice .
tr	I	Few were hungry but they ate anyway , and gradually the noise levels in the hall rose to a more level normal , if still subdued .
tr	I	I at stared the phone in disbelief .
tr	I	Miranda her left books on the couch and left .
tr	I	Lightning flashed against windowpane the .
tr	I	I was so hot for but him , I couldn 't tell him .
tr	I	Soon I was climbing back up the rickety old ladder while Edmund floated just up in front of me .
tr	I	Impatient , Meir closed the and distance swooped him up into a bear hug .
tr	I	He 't wasn going to let her die because he was too busy thinking with his dick .
te	I	I knew there had to some be witty quip coming , mocking my reaction .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and prepared for another round of with clothing Raoul .
tr	I	She didn 't know Bruce well , but he seemed loving and protective his of daughter .
va	I	She caught Damien 's face hers in and forced him to look at her .
tr	I	I felt his tongue as I my registered own mouth was tingling .
tr	I	Ali 's diary buried was precisely in the middle , just as it had been yesterday .
te	I	Dee rubbed her hands over the bumps goose raising along her skin .
tr	I	No woman should have ever to go through this hell .
tr	I	He doesn 't even speak a language human .
tr	I	Simon crossed arms his over his chest .
te	I	When I noticed what it was , I my shook head .
tr	I	Todd says he 's made all arrangements the but secrecy is paramount .
te	I	He looks better even in candlelight , if that 's possible .
tr	I	Good people , they were just not used to having all these of rules .
te	I	I continued , hating the weakness my in voice .
tr	I	I whip my head around to see has Wilder inched to my side to lean on the kitchen counter , his hand creeping toward a knife .
tr	I	I suggested your that son go in your place .
te	I	Come to me , Amanda , I you need .
tr	I	Sasha nodded , indicating the Post-Gazette website 's open on Naya 's desktop .
tr	I	I don 't she think liked Chet very much .
tr	I	I stood up ; followed she .
tr	I	She her lifted head and looked around .
tr	I	The soldier 's scent there was too .
tr	I	Hey , would you to like stay for lunch ?
tr	I	I didn like 't where this conversation was headed .
te	I	He had for sent her and she had come to him , as usual .
tr	I	He wore mirrored sunglasses , the kind she 'd only seen on cop vintage shows .
tr	I	Just in case the sky boils and come monsters out again .
va	I	This he placed carefully in the satchel .
tr	I	( She also got tip a that her bra strap was showing from Operative McHenry . )
tr	I	But nothing about our family was normal , I which was reminded of yet again when Nixon strapped ammo to the inside of his ankle .
tr	I	It was solid as a tie as he could hope for .
te	I	one of the best about things cruising without any time limitations .
tr	I	Beyond the security checkpoint , the facility is not dingy as as it was before .
tr	I	Arnold looked away , but she saw in the that mirror his eyes were misty .
tr	I	How could anyone be expected to read the thing entire ?
te	I	But as I watched my sister take in the scene , knew I she felt stifled and trapped .
te	I	Beth frowned that at .
tr	I	Adda eyes 's were shut , her forehead was wrinkled up , and her mouth was wide opened with an excited shrill .
va	I	He the covered mouthpiece with one hand .
tr	I	Memory returned in rush a .
tr	I	Hanna chewed her on pinkie .
te	I	He stood transfixed , overpowered by the of wonder the beautiful bright star in the sky .
tr	I	It be might a year late , but better late than never .
tr	I	Surprised by the unexpected attention , I looked away , pretending that I 'd been distracted by something in the general area of the rehearsal door room .
tr	I	Tears slid my down cheeks .
tr	I	Or I could hold Iris tell and her that it was over and that everything was going to be alright .
tr	I	But what if it everything ruined ?
tr	I	They had been told to keep other the students calm .
tr	I	I laughed and waved the thing whole off .
te	I	She good was fun , and very quick .
te	I	She traced ridges the on his forehead .
tr	I	I gestured for Roach come to inside .
tr	I	He sticks his out hand and I almost panic before he frowns .
tr	I	We fought ; we up made .
va	I	The cops Ethan dragged toward the door .
va	I	You 're in a facility mentally for impaired criminals .
te	I	I bend down so I can look in Grace the eyes .
tr	I	XIII Robert Robert was working on writing a novel about the people in his county .
tr	I	The smell of it makes sick me .
tr	I	He had a huge with jaw big white teeth .
te	I	He fell to ground the with a whine .
tr	I	Bertie walks toward girls the with the final news .
va	I	He still stands for a second .
tr	I	Karina mused in her thick , Ukrainian accent without lifting her eyes from work her .
tr	I	This news caused him to worry about his two brave astronauts million three miles away , who might be there for eternity .
tr	I	she retorted , though a small part of her warmed at concern his .
va	I	Gray walls lined with rivets ; even the floor riveted was .
tr	I	Babs grabbed Samara , pushing the gun at head her .
tr	I	At least if I 'd been dangling by a rope 18m up I 'd wide be awake .
te	I	What the minister meant of course was ' Ogg me help and to hell with the others ' .
tr	I	Before she could answer , a door shut outside somewhere of the large , cold room .
tr	I	Duncan shouting was for her , and she wanted to answer him , but she couldn 't .
va	I	She felt she had no strength , energy no , no more life to give to this .
tr	I	' We 't haven seen or heard from Anna in a fortnight . '
va	I	Helen stood and lifted her hand like a third student grade .
tr	I	Anxiety over washes me .
tr	I	But he knew they couldn 't get far him from .
te	I	What if he falls love in with someone else ?
te	I	I shook head my at him and then looked back at the girl .
tr	I	Eventually he would inherit company the .
tr	I	Any settlement will cost a because fortune the old stud doesn 't want to settle .
tr	I	Dorcas hope asked filing her face .
tr	I	Mere thoughts of finally violence taking form now that he has the capability to execute .
tr	I	She snapped her neck and was already snapping the second witch 's neck when third the one spun around .
te	I	Sam reached for the phone and dialed number a he knew well .
tr	I	That was my name , Sheila and was calling it .
tr	I	He liked walking in Damascus during the evening , and seeing in sudden of flashes disconnected memory the city of the ancients .
tr	I	Now in the gathering darkness she was delighted to note a light in the back kitchen , the familiar old car parked in driveway the .
tr	I	Ryan : that is chick hot Dario : kill it Ryan : really dude she 's hot .
tr	I	Noah sweeps my hair over one shoulder kisses and my neck .
tr	I	Jackson asked , taking sip a of his drink .
tr	I	More that than , what does it mean ?
tr	I	But I didn 't mind much too .
tr	I	The guard who wounded had the dog was now astride the horse .
tr	I	For the first time Miranda noticed there that was writing up the length of Kenzi 's arm .
tr	I	A shield all blocks supernatural powers .
tr	I	' Yes , but probably we aren 't , ' said Susan .
tr	I	After all , she was Hanna Marin , and she fabulous was .
tr	I	He was methodical and tenacious his in approach .
tr	I	At least this way , no one would suffer because I would never have left Rogue .
tr	I	Her turn eyes from mine and she looks to Nicholas and Andrew who are hovering over Lucas and I know she cannot see the wound .
tr	I	Eddie nodded , running his back fingers through his hair .
tr	I	I took his hand reached and into my pocket to pull out a piece of taffy .
tr	I	They were sunk back into his a head ways , with dark shadows of extreme weariness circling all around .
tr	I	I think 'll I be okay though .
tr	I	Mom hugged fiercely her .
tr	I	A laser blasted past me and struck a chunk of along marble the outer wall of the square .
tr	I	I didn 't as feel bad after that .
tr	I	I looked out window the .
tr	I	The man noticed their interest and over walked .
tr	I	How Amber began to hate herself more and more as the passed morning .
tr	I	Ghosts weren that 't compelled to stay on the path were another .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have anything without left this job or his partner .
tr	I	' And you thank for sending us the urgent message . '
te	I	Rose looked suddenly up .
tr	I	She gave a laugh derisive .
tr	I	He was beautiful in deep green tunic that managed somehow to make his blue eyes seem bluer .
tr	I	He leaned against railing the .
tr	I	Ian inside stepped and closed the door .
tr	I	Sam asked , taking her hand from back him .
tr	I	She was pretty sure she recognized someone when felt she a hand grab her ass .
tr	I	And partners 't didn leave partners in the thick of it .
tr	I	We 've already lost our horses , most of our kit and run out of and food water .
tr	I	We 'd always lived the on land , had space .
tr	I	The toy issued few a complaining strains and quit .
va	I	It came over loud and clear that he was not about to tie himself to a relationship that cramp might his life style . '
tr	I	This didn 't distort the text , and Siri carefully inched forward , at looking the words .
tr	I	She to managed put a little space between them to look up into his twinkling hazel eyes .
tr	I	Jac threw a cheeky at grin the lad sitting beside his father on the opposite bunk .
tr	I	Other than I falling 'm hard for her brother .
tr	I	I was in such a carefree mood that it came as a huge shock to see front the door of our house swinging open .
tr	I	The engine revved far too high and too stayed long .
te	I	The rage in cold those eyes chilled me to the bone .
tr	I	He her opened refrigerator .
te	I	Hussein and I weapons swapped so I had the rifle and he had my 9mm .
tr	I	It would guarantee his safety , working with the who ones sought to take over .
va	I	We could head north east avoid and the hurricanes , ... but only just .
tr	I	I don 't move , soaking the in fact that she 's here with me , a gift I never expected .
tr	I	I anticipated had this move as well , and I again floored the gas pedal at the last possible moment to escape .
te	I	Juliet found had someone -- obviously .
va	I	- Julie woke up with much not more than a noticeable headache , but the dream was stuck in her head .
tr	I	Again he belched , his face looking like all his innards had flown into up his head .
tr	I	I 'd always alone felt .
tr	I	I swiftly slip my key under the ceiling tile above the window and noiselessly dismount from the ledge window .
tr	I	She paused when she spotted blood the on hand she 'd had beneath his head .
va	I	Rafe stared down into her face , knowing what should he do but still hesitating .
te	I	Then she put Lucy 's arm in basin the and took some leaves and powders out of her pocket and poured them in the water .
tr	I	I just want you to work on a few tasks simple .
tr	I	She away pulled with the cuffs in hand .
tr	I	Maybe some new paint the throughout entire place ?
tr	I	Her father wasn 't sending the woman packing anytime soon , and Nicole wasn 't about to watch their conversation murmured .
te	I	Side effects : PTSD co-occurring , hallucinations , self-harm , poss .
va	I	She 'd never made the connection between metal wood and before .
tr	I	Was her it imagination , or was there more of the brown stuff on him than yesterday ?
tr	I	Or else the sound had been TV a or radio .
tr	I	It was just an ordinary van ; her company had several them of , and she had ridden in them before .
te	I	Good question , even I had idea no how I was doing it .
tr	I	One of them whined softly , like Daphne had the at door of the library , and took a couple of steps back .
tr	I	She swings the chain around on her fingers with a smile proud on her face .
tr	I	Why on earth was I out here a without gun ?
tr	I	The soft sound being pushed through closed lips did nothing to drown the buzzing , but she the enjoyed melodious harmony they created together .
tr	I	This last thought caused Terrance to the recall small , decorated gift bag Jess had handed him through the car window as he took his leave .
tr	I	They entered the room and fell onto together his bed .
te	I	Now they were at northern the end of the courtyard .
te	I	Tony didn stop 't .
va	I	She would do whatever it took to ensure that , even if it meant losing more of herself to darkness the creeping through her .
tr	I	He stuck my in card his pocket .
tr	I	One moment he was there , and the next he was gone , sinking fast the beneath waves .
va	I	The agreed all that the words were good , and then they all joined hands and repeated them .
tr	I	We set fire to the materials and threw them the down street .
tr	I	What I if was to tell you I was half Indian ?
tr	I	After all the students passed his desk , followed he with his head down .
te	I	The heiress the in Berkeley Hills who knows all about Tarantula venom ?
tr	I	The meteorite had been a final of act desperation .
tr	I	No need to draw any more attention to herself they than were already getting .
tr	I	I glance back to Jack see putting an arm around his little sister 's shoulders and guiding her toward the Ferris wheel .
te	I	I 'm taking the weapons , anything that could be of use to us ... or he that might use against us .
tr	I	My younger sister , Sophie , sitting is at the table , texting on her phone .
tr	I	There no was reply .
te	I	He wants better for me than he what has - only an 8th grade education and minimum wage to support us .
tr	I	From the bed , Mary Ellen opened eyes her slightly , enabling her to identify the intruder while still playing possum .
tr	I	He his shook head slowly , still not moving otherwise .
tr	I	Emily wraps her arm my around forearm and squeezes .
tr	I	As Jordan and Erin ducked through the small doorway , he cast final one glance around .
tr	I	They were on opposite sides of the battlefield , locked forever in a ferocious war that would only end in death .
va	I	I began to wonder if might I shoot him by accident .
tr	I	Dimitri enjoyed projecting a stance power of , especially to mortals .
tr	I	I knew she was curious as to what had I to tell her that I didn 't want Luke to hear .
tr	I	I didn 't do anything , didn I 't !
tr	I	' Why ... why aren 't you a wearing mask ? '
tr	I	Ashe couldn 't help grin but back .
tr	I	His prison cell contained had bars when he was in England .
te	I	My back aches , which is some indication , but it is definite not enough .
te	I	A server whisked past depositing a cup of fragrant tea in front Coral of .
tr	I	What were thinking you ?
tr	I	If we 't don stop these Christians , everything else will be wasted .
tr	I	' Not tonight but Linda 's booked you to support a local band in couple a of days . '
te	I	But rather than illuminating 's Shelby face , the lights cast shadows over her .
tr	I	So he stopped eating two meals a day and started living on and salad chicken for dinner .
tr	I	I to try go faster .
tr	I	I CALLED YOU HERE WE BECAUSE HAVE A MUTUAL PROBLEM .
tr	I	But I statue sit still .
te	I	Moments later , when Tamar emerged from the restrooms in the back , Adam turned and watched her as he a had lifetime ago .
tr	I	Sebastian 's voice emotionless was .
tr	I	I think you will remain here the full term of contracts your , if you so desire .
tr	I	Smiling , pointed Amber to the first object she saw .
va	I	I hobbled painfully but refused 's Levi attempts to help me .
tr	I	I feel the absence of aching the love that I 've come to yearn for , that I wanted so much to earn .
tr	I	The responding officers weren entirely 't sure a real crime had been committed .
te	I	Victor was a of figment his imagination , and Thibault knew that his subconscious had conjured up the image .
va	I	I 've even got a fresh side beef of .
tr	I	He took step another closer .
te	I	The dog sat next to him , and he the scratched dog behind his ears .
tr	I	Walking the endlessly earth .
tr	I	I at looked Mr. Green .
tr	I	The said voice I would not die .
tr	I	Bo ed cal sharply , grabbing my arm to restrain me from going after Cade right away .
tr	I	he moved to closer her .
tr	I	You 're librarian the . '
tr	I	His rang voice out clearly in her mind .
te	I	She had his twisted arm behind his back and the silver knife to his throat .
tr	I	A blue and green globe suspended the in dark blue sky , white surrounding some of it .
tr	I	Well one night your father found me drinking a bottle of wine alone in kitchen the .
tr	I	I paused , considering my next words , then to decided go for it .
tr	I	The guy nodded me at .
tr	I	The wedding was one at .
tr	I	She and gasped groaned as he hit double stimulation with the move , but he wouldn 't release her .
tr	I	His expression teasing turned serious and he studied her face so intently , she became uneasy .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who was late running .
tr	I	I 'm sitting in the dark about thinking how I 'm going to kill you .
tr	I	Ben pressed the barrel of the gun into the soft of skin the boy 's neck .
te	I	I looked once more Ken at .
tr	I	Two hours later , we stopped in front of a billboard that had three Goblins nailed it to in a floral pattern .
tr	I	While at gazing my muscular physique , she asked if I had come to the school to join the football team .
tr	I	But moment that had passed .
tr	I	I expect a few other countries have capability the .
tr	I	Even though my with relationships Tara and Shane were struggling , I couldn 't bring myself to tell on them .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like the usual disinterested army psychiatrist so I my checked instinct to be sarcastic or even insulting .
va	I	Jayne pinched the silver tongs to shuffle a petit four fruit and onto a dessert plate .
tr	I	I think one part of the story comes from my fascination with how see people things .
tr	I	Apparently is he still uncertain as to our numbers .
tr	I	It was exactly how she 'd given herself away the in first place .
tr	I	How could be she happy in her crummy little hometown ?
va	I	I couldn keep 't from responding with my own soft smile .
tr	I	A shadow flickered across his eyes , but it was gone a in heartbeat .
tr	I	It meant that , even if tomorrows could exist here , there weren going 't to be any .
te	I	You can 't even survive in my world without stolen energy , and you yet won 't go home .
tr	I	Did I imagine it , or did a look irritation of flash across Evan 's face .
te	I	Eventually we will the explain full truth .
tr	I	Almost all of the Vedic poems religious are in nature and tend to concern the fates and tribulations of various gods .
tr	I	Thousands of feet her beneath , the sinking Kiowa chopper crumpled beneath the relentlessly increasing pressure .
tr	I	If I was tea touching I wouldn 't be touching tits .
te	I	Andrew 's wife , Carolyn , been had killed only fifteen months before in an accident similar to the one Steven had just witnessed .
tr	I	If her prospective husband was looking for a job , that meant he 't didn have one .
tr	I	The newspaper about articles the bank robbery .
va	I	Even that much time made a to difference the bottom line .
tr	I	Patty was all attention , though her date was something doing surreptitious under the tablecloth that brought a tiny secret smile to her face .
tr	I	It was much better for me to stick to like girls Jess , girls with no expectations , no specific lists of qualifications , no strings .
va	I	Damn , he shouldn 't have known where kept she it .
tr	I	The were women all watching her , some with curiosity , some with pity .
tr	I	The rippling muscles tanned and skin with no tan lines didn 't hurt either .
tr	I	It seemed only fair I that 'd check in with Luc before leaving campus , even though he 'd given me permission the night before .
tr	I	He nodded agreement in .
tr	I	And just like that , she from introduced the assortment of clothes an entire denim attire .
va	I	His fingers traced along the curve of her thigh and gasped she when they stopped high up on her hips , then dipped down lower .
tr	I	He had also driven truck for Bob once or when twice things were slow .
tr	I	Only what servants the tell me .
tr	I	The very weeds were elegantly decked with breeds of one flowers would least expect .
tr	I	She nodded and saw I her swallow .
tr	I	Both Marlon and Mr. nearly Lonely knocked him down in their rush to stop him .
tr	I	Vince retrieved a of piece paper and a pen from the built-in desk between the living room and the kitchen .
tr	I	He paused , cruel a smile on his lips .
va	I	I think the best way to dig into Earth 's history is to start by revisiting one of the most significant episodes in the planet history 's .
tr	I	Not while he lived still .
tr	I	Sera around looked and tried not to feel sorry for herself .
va	I	That 's a in pig a tutu !
tr	I	My muscles couldn 't hold me none , and eyes my went wet .
tr	I	I 'm to going die .
te	I	It had been a quiet for day the girls .
tr	I	If he was watching , if he came after her ... no , she had to act though as she was totally impervious to his presence .
tr	I	Again the tilted world .
tr	I	I mean , he couldn 't staring stop .
va	I	Please , this let be a nightmare .
te	I	It 's important for me to put the past in past the .
va	I	At least he still the had gun .
tr	I	What you do suspect ?
tr	I	We need find to an inn .
tr	I	Her fingers sank the into grass , her nails covered in dirt .
tr	I	Leah nodded and they strapped themselves their into seats .
va	I	Her laughter filled the backyard I as finished up putting the food on the grill .
tr	I	The way you carry yourself and the way you business conduct ... it 's all part of what attracted me to you .
tr	I	To show so much of herself was first a .
tr	I	Encouraged that Eve seemed to bending be , Cheyenne hurried to reassure her .
va	I	You have until midday to Saturday make the transfer .
tr	I	Turning carefully , she glanced back at woman the approaching her .
tr	I	The water was freezing suddenly .
tr	I	He could probably the outrun rats over a short distance .
tr	I	Crowe peeled his lips back in a smile cold .
tr	I	Nothing I haven 't before heard .
te	I	Before she could protest he stepped away and gone was .
tr	I	Speaking of Road the Runner -- did I mention the Pink Panther ?
tr	I	She wasn 't laughing anymore , and it wasn completely 't unexpected .
tr	I	But would what he say ?
tr	I	Evie up sits , wrapping the sheets around her .
va	I	I didn 't find the tie on initial my search because it turned out to be wedged between two seats .
tr	I	I laughed a little self-consciously my at bold once-over .
va	I	I into shifted drive and drove down the gravel driveway in the dark .
tr	I	Two more heartbeats before her pulse kicked overdrive into .
tr	I	The others to seemed be having similar problems .
tr	I	The Irishman palmed the bill , adjusted cap his so the visor part was in the back and jumped down from the stool .
tr	I	In fact , was everything flexible .
tr	I	I could already feel myself starting sweat to .
tr	I	He at gazed the quiet streets he 'd frequented on and off for so long , feeling like a stranger now .
tr	I	Henry did not take his eyes off the lid steel .
tr	I	She 's dreaming of The Sentence and after I explained it to her , she what knows it means .
tr	I	Belle : aggression And .
tr	I	She felt in hot his arms , her eyes dazed .
tr	I	She pulled another out pair of glittering high heeled shoes .
tr	I	On my walk , I simply wanted to explore and to away get .
tr	I	The bedroom door open burst .
tr	I	I couldn 't in draw a breath .
tr	I	I figured I listen could with my ears while I ate with my mouth .
tr	I	He 'd never seen a she-wolf beautiful as .
tr	I	If he in sat the cockpit he would be able to see them just by looking out either side window .
te	I	Richard sweated was and frightened .
tr	I	I moved my hands from my face , looked the around room , then back at the computer .
tr	I	Like or it not we are going to be a family . '
tr	I	The van driver stamped on his brakes causing me to pull up suddenly in an abrupt stop that made my seatbelt catch my across chest .
va	I	I super felt confused .
tr	I	Chewy nodded found but it hard to be enthusiastic .
tr	I	He 'd had him stop in on Hereford his way down from Liverpool .
tr	I	I spent the rest of the afternoon decorating my room in order to keep my mind off of what happened had .
tr	I	She Noah cut 's in the shape of a heart , which he got a big kick out of .
tr	I	They worked 'd their way into her affections despite her resistance , and she wanted to stay and embrace them fully .
tr	I	He had crossed first paths with Vinny on a smuggling case in the Bahamas .
tr	I	It set off alarms in head her .
tr	I	The purpose of this visit from parents their was a very exciting one indeed .
tr	I	Then Peter been had killed .
va	I	Slammed that behind door her and placed him in the tub .
tr	I	With every crashing he wave felt the blood in his veins race , as his heart synchronised itself with the ocean .
tr	I	The conversation had gone not well .
tr	I	She smiles at me before have I a chance to avoid her .
tr	I	The blue wide eyes caught mine .
tr	I	Already her skin was noticeably a shade lighter of pink , with patches of normal color .
tr	I	Luck was still with them as were there no cars coming or going .
tr	I	There was something someone ... she had to worry about .
te	I	Their sees prescient many things .
te	I	He just wasn 't ready to hear her say the words yet , but he knew she to wanted .
tr	I	Every New Law robot had a restrictor built it into .
te	I	Rao shone directly overhead , a large square with circles four at its sides and a dot in the center .
tr	I	I didn want 't to mind , but deep down , I did .
tr	I	Miranda reached out to touch her 's friend hand .
tr	I	She tightened her squeeze emphasis for .
tr	I	By the way , where did parents your study ?
tr	I	What does his have crash to do with you ?
tr	I	The moon bright reflected off the rippled water .
va	I	Taking in a deep breath , I stood there and at stared him .
tr	I	Opposite , the in bottom right corner , was a garden shed .
te	I	Even in war , 'd we win a victory and then spend twice as much energy writing songs about it .
tr	I	She is now more than confused ever , and hands the papers back .
tr	I	As I came around desk the I pulled my pistol from my pocket and put it on the desk , pointed at Foster .
tr	I	I stared him at .
tr	I	He went into the living room and sat down on the sofa with sigh a .
tr	I	You imagine the thunk satisfying of metal hitting skull - No .
tr	I	The singing gradually clearer became .
tr	I	He gives me a hook left , right in the cheekbone .
tr	I	Each man placed a larger canister around the room and on important looking pieces and equipment and ran an electrical cord to back a center brass box .
tr	I	The air was hot and humid despite the fact that it was almost nine at night the and sun was finally going down .
tr	I	I hope 'll you go with us .
tr	I	CHAPTER ONE A mountain of boxes sat before me , each of them filled with material things wouldn that 't mean shit to anyone else besides me .
tr	I	Leta wiggled her fingers to them limber .
tr	I	He 'd said ' what heck the ' and then asked Zena to marry him ?
tr	I	Declan a gave snort .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , why he did it , only that he an wanted edge of some kind in case things got worse .
tr	I	The town centre was small , with a grocery store , a few clothes shops , the and odd shops that sell everything .
tr	I	The phone made a bumping noise as she ears shifted .
tr	I	Jenny 's eyes were closed and blood was from trickling her wrist and dripping onto the floor .
tr	I	Though her touch seemed to calm him , Mike couldn 't her meet eyes .
tr	I	She glanced nervously around .
tr	I	There were ducts , pipes , and valves my above head .
tr	I	Doyle harder pressed on the wound , which made Frost draw a sharp breath .
tr	I	He nods head his at the end of the tunnel .
tr	I	The difference was , this time , she wouldn 't let him get her near .
tr	I	Nicko had grabbed hold of the spotted scarf that wore Maxie around his neck .
tr	I	He felt it would take than more pizza to improve Ronan 's character .
te	I	She leaned down to me kiss , and I held up a hand to stop her .
tr	I	He knew his tone had been harsh and was wishing 'd he softened it when she spun toward him .
tr	I	Why hadn I 't thought of that before ?
va	I	Devlin was never far from mind her and she missed him so badly it stung .
tr	I	And for another , only Warriors of the Blood were known through those all ancient myths and legends to have experienced the ritual .
tr	I	My dad lets go of the frame door and steps up beside the counter .
tr	I	I started to feel excited the as sound of flowing water grew louder and louder .
tr	I	They stand up and start walking hand in hand towards light the .
tr	I	He slammed his hands repeatedly the on wheel and I flinched away from him .
te	I	And in the cold with a weakening force , made it sense to take out a soft target .
tr	I	Case dropped to his -- knees not in prayer , but because his legs failed to hold him upright .
tr	I	I 'm grounded through the end of upcoming my winter break from school .
tr	I	And can you do that ?
tr	I	Now that he was getting some bravery , done something worthwhile , and kissed been by the girl of his dreams but he was about to die .
tr	I	When I look to my side , I see boy a holding out his hand to me .
tr	I	Sofia another breathe sigh and took the different way .
tr	I	' That be 'd great for you Linda . '
te	I	She did not try to scream , did not even try to away scramble , as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run .
tr	I	She finished the song and Alexander over leaned , placing a gentle kiss on her lips .
tr	I	If her step-father had not seen those photographs particular things might have turned out differently .
tr	I	Only the of thought a bed and endless rest got me there .
va	I	Felix repeated the argument he used had on me .
tr	I	I 't don even stop to think what 's going to happen when I get in there .
tr	I	Why would you ... want this ?
tr	I	She took sip another of her drink .
tr	I	The town needs sort some of small library , doesn , t it ?
tr	I	' Yes , that but 's a theory among scores .
tr	I	Which meant I 'd have to out play the rest of the night , claim a headache , and go to sleep early .
tr	I	He 'd betrayed his son , his clan , and his own soul to become servant a of darkness .
tr	I	His movements seemed sluggish , although kept he shaking his head with these harsh motions , disgust pouring from him .
tr	I	I fumbled through my galactic and geography came up blank .
te	I	Everyone looked like they were preparing face to their executioner .
tr	I	He shook head his .
te	I	Helen head 's snapped up .
tr	I	At least that was plan the .
tr	I	She held the spring-loaded door open and motioned for to Daniel follow .
tr	I	I 'll go the to bank later .
tr	I	And yet even that word carries too much the weight of gravity for state the in which I found myself completely at ease .
tr	I	He may have been left battered and bruised , and with a nasty , bloodied , gouge his to side , but he 'd survived .
tr	I	he asked , to turning head back down the hall .
tr	I	When the Freak off ran , Kelley rubbed his bristly jaw .
tr	I	He a was duke , for crying out loud .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms her around .
tr	I	The sorcerer didn 't seem to find the funny joke and raised an arm in a way only a sorcerer could make menacing .
tr	I	As danced we , her smell brought me back to those moments we 'd spent alone together before leaving for college .
tr	I	I forced a smile at him before I headed right back the to front door of the hotel .
tr	I	I think you were wrong the about Ageless .
tr	I	E2 ( ) Phil : Oh , well Miranda is a delight .
tr	I	He , too , appeared around the to world inspire people to make ready for the apocalypse .
tr	I	The Spartan slammed into Preston , knocking Reaper the and his sword away from me .
tr	I	Every photograph would have a specific purpose for his lecture , and he was missing better than quarter a of them .
tr	I	I obediently stepped forward , the relishing moment I would be bathed in her fragrant scent .
tr	I	Now Taylor was eager to seize the moment to gain more clarity for his questions own .
tr	I	Before her sister walked in 'd she been tempted to put some in a bowl , but now she was eating the whole damn thing .
tr	I	The arm behind his back shot forward and a second later a was T-shirt flying toward her .
tr	I	Just the of thought being close to him brought on the urge to feel those muscular arms .
tr	I	She plucked the leash the from dashboard and attached it to Hector 's collar .
te	I	Not even death could part the Medallion from maiden the .
tr	I	Borden for grabbed the check .
tr	I	He does not respect and you he hates me .
te	I	Whatever air was left comes bursting out as I him fling to the ground with me .
tr	I	Just as she herself felt completely let go , he slammed that heavy rod into her .
tr	I	She bore her own emptiness , endured own her loss , even now .
tr	I	She her nodded agreement .
tr	I	Bride smiled their at kindness .
tr	I	They didn 't live anymore in a world life where was to be colorful and celebrated .
tr	I	Though my knees are stil wobbling , somehow run I over to Coach .
tr	I	He parked in the lot the of Airport Marina Hotel and entered the lobby .
tr	I	Of the five who 'd raped her , Tom had been the one only to show any reluctance .
tr	I	When she looked out the window again , the wolf gone was .
tr	I	Hunter had been slaughtered trying to me protect .
tr	I	I was starting love to this little Adams Family .
tr	I	But I try not to about think it .
tr	I	You 're kind just of , well , confrontational .
tr	I	He reached down and two snatched chairs upright and motioned for her to sit down .
tr	I	Colin slid open a drawer and withdrew a small pouch velvet .
te	I	Then she spiraled back down , and his mind was his again own .
va	I	He better knew , too .
tr	I	I believe that anyone in this particular predicament would be endowed the with right to feel at least a little bit irritated over time .
tr	I	Hateful Scots followed us out , shouting and objects throwing .
tr	I	Some about excuse helping his mom unpack dishes .
tr	I	And she that hates Vel is hurting .
tr	I	At least from what the was Queen telling me , the spell I 'd inadvertently let him take hadn 't killed him .
va	I	Elliott had know to that .
tr	I	Now I knew how felt they .
tr	I	Well , they 'd better beware me of .
va	I	As as quickly she had started laughing , she started crying .
tr	I	My anger had faded once I been 'd able to make a killer dress .
te	I	As the moon 's silver light first became visible , the creaking of the door passageway could be heard .
tr	I	It would be very easy to mistake them if you were expecting Corr and were concentrating on getting into the without stall getting hurt .
tr	I	She squirmed on his lap until Seth his put hand on her stomach , stopping her and pulling her back against him .
tr	I	Perhaps this would a be waste of time .
tr	I	' You us brought here ! '
tr	I	Fiji didn 't believe that was going happen to .
tr	I	Except Jayne 't wasn like his parents .
tr	I	It was the only third time in as many hours that he 'd asked .
tr	I	Now she willing was to give up that quest .
tr	I	Three since years my mom had been out to California , begging me to come home .
tr	I	She held up finger one .
tr	I	The from sounds the hall and all of those inside disappeared , their presence no longer required .
va	I	Didn fit 't in .
te	I	CHAPTER THIRTEEN Ashlyn stared at the splintered door that had just been slammed in her face by Maddox , trapping her another inside bedroom .
tr	I	Howie was surprisingly relieved at that , although he knew that Dianna was single , he had never really bothered to inquire Melissa about .
tr	I	He drove out of the parking lot and turned the on street , headed for Terry 's house .
tr	I	Lucas fumbled for his sword as the imp chomped his into skin .
tr	I	Nick stared at him for a moment slowly and took his hands off of his stomach .
tr	I	They had so endured much .
va	I	I doubted anyone ask would .
tr	I	You wanted to me go out there and explore my options .
tr	I	This house beach-front must have cost a packet , but something about its sparseness said she only rented .
tr	I	When he did talk to me it was pretense a , at doctor 's orders , to make Bobby feel loved .
tr	I	I hadn 't sensed presence her , yet there she stood , a vision in creamy lavender cloth .
tr	I	Gray assumed that this must be Suzy 's sister even though they didn 't resemble each other at glance first .
va	I	Josie sat at her table , at looked her watch , then stared at the bench .
tr	I	I to returned my own room and called Brandon Boyle .
tr	I	We 'd ourselves found walking along a small , two lane road that traced along a ridge .
tr	I	' But why would kill he Terminus ? '
va	I	Lissa thought ask to .
tr	I	A third leaned in them over at an angle .
tr	I	It getting was harder to stay awake .
tr	I	Harper shook her head back and forth with the same smile still plastered across face her .
te	I	Something to good think about .
va	I	Even now , he so was exhausted he could barely keep his eyes open and yet he wanted to stay up so he could be with her .
tr	I	How she could doubt Nicolas ?
va	I	She was in a room bright .
va	I	Apparently the subject is a touchy and one best dropped .
tr	I	Some of the didn snakes 't land in the water and coiled on the deck .
tr	I	He 'd had enough of flipping , tripping and touching last to him two lifetimes .
tr	I	She didn 't resemble Mia father 's in any way .
tr	I	Not if you on stick the force .
tr	I	Dale has been in waiting the other room to take us .
tr	I	He 'd been handsome so , her Stephen .
tr	I	He had been twenty-three old years , and he 'd won a fight in a bar when Devil offered him a place in the club .
te	I	She the fought order , and pain sliced through her head so that she cried out .
tr	I	Didn 't know if she broke ankle her or sprained it .
tr	I	I was a trophy date , there to stand his by side and look good and smile on cue .
tr	I	She let out loud a huff .
tr	I	I liked never this exercise much .
tr	I	She could use a bit of good luck her in life .
tr	I	I cocked my head to side the .
tr	I	When she started to speak , he his placed finger over her lips .
va	I	I snapped attention my to the program .
va	I	Though I don 't him trust , given his proven track record of lying , I hope he 's right .
va	I	You can help 't that .
va	I	So why the hell shouldn Zane 't enjoy it to the fullest ?
tr	I	She wasn 't far from the top , and Max 's stern voice made her scramble to find hold a above him to keep him from falling .
tr	I	That more than anything is why they 're you giving grief .
tr	I	Was what that she feared ?
va	I	Eugene , Oregon a was mid-sized university town at the head of the Willamette Valley .
tr	I	How could they have been in the temple long so and not known , or been warned , the battle was starting ?
tr	I	Here we go , thought I .
tr	I	He me bought that Tiffany necklace .
tr	I	Just 't don hurt her .
te	I	Most of the neighboring shops had closed , and even the was marketplace now rapidly emptying .
tr	I	Instinctively she bent her legs to him keep inside her .
tr	I	She to began get nervous , then anger set in .
tr	I	Alex sighed his pleasure and she to clung him , needing him .
tr	I	Sitting up straight , she rested her rear against his groin and smiled down him at .
tr	I	An enraged right growling up close .
tr	I	It 's now been three days since 's Olivia body was found in Laurel Canyon .
tr	I	They get be to with my kids .
va	I	The long corridor ended at a large square with room multiple circular tunnels in three of the walls .
va	I	I smiled again , the boy was right ; we all knew full where well we were .
tr	I	If he was right , if she really were a vampire , she 'd waking be soon .
va	I	I need to before leave he sees me .
tr	I	This was a lowering thought , and they all its felt weight .
tr	I	Savannah watched in astonishment as his fingers flew over keyboard the .
va	I	At least , she didn think 't it did .
tr	I	What would the V Club say if they caught him home driving in his boxers ?
tr	I	Aria nodded sharply , once , then she and husband her dismounted and launched themselves skyward .
tr	I	Their involvement never could be accepted openly because of his high-level marriage .
tr	I	Mr Briggs looked at over Messenger , who shook his head .
tr	I	All eyes watched the door the beside jury box .
tr	I	As if Bobby still was just his neighbor and best friend , not a convicted murderer .
tr	I	He had bought old the one too .
tr	I	I clamped my shut mouth .
tr	I	She follows me wordlessly , away from the field back and into the denser part of the forest .
tr	I	Maybe had he simply wanted to forget me .
tr	I	Buster said he would make the rooms occupied by and June son into adjoining rooms within days .
tr	I	She just seemed to be living her life free his from .
va	I	- I did as instructed she and closed my eyes .
tr	I	I sought Morrow we before moved out .
tr	I	The alien people shouted out their war cries as they and attacked what was left of the Pioneer turned to face them .
tr	I	I crossed my arms over my chest , wishing I hadn thrown 't my coat and shirt away .
tr	I	Abigail led the way , her using hands to climb .
tr	I	His fingers settled over her wrist , bringing her to abrupt an halt .
tr	I	Getting when upset I question her about her douchebag dad .
va	I	The door opened , and a jolt like the instant before death shot him through when a phantom figure appeared through the frail light in the doorway .
te	I	There websites are and even a Facebook page dedicated to finding me .
tr	I	The gun goes and off the gates open .
tr	I	he asked amusement with , hearing the annoyance in his voice .
tr	I	Mistral went through with Abe him behind , me in the middle , and Rhys and Doyle following .
tr	I	He dropped her , and she had no more hit than the ground when she saw Lucas attack .
tr	I	I get could use to this ; I know my parents said keep a low profile .
tr	I	Consequently , everyone the in area brought their computers and laptops to Gary because he charged the best rates in town , and everyone knew it .
tr	I	When released he it , it sprang back .
tr	I	The dinner and silent auction were raise to money for Chicago 's Children 's Home and Aid .
tr	I	She was still defensive , and with the bar nearly empty seemed to have lost her inhibition with respect to reality disclosing .
va	I	Subsequently , the charges had been without withdrawn explanation .
tr	I	She told me she finally her worked way up and this was the first year she was a featured player .
tr	I	She rose on up her knees , clutching the sword .
tr	I	Isaac pushed his hair his off forehead and nodded .
te	I	He would have liked to have been able to fall asleep when he so desired , or at the very least , he when was tired .
va	I	She stole look a at him , and Staffan immediately caught her doing it .
tr	I	Finding her in dead that crate would have damned near killed him .
tr	I	He at glanced his watch .
tr	I	I needed something sugary replace to the energy I 'd used during the adrenalin rush in the car park .
tr	I	It was body the of Ryan Hawkins .
te	I	She hung up the phone and jumped about foot a when someone knocked on her door .
tr	I	Did you know there 's a whole huge city the on ocean floor that stretches for miles ?
tr	I	That 's you all can do .
tr	I	A movie a was rare treat these days .
tr	I	The entire arrangement wobbled horrendously , and he gaped at the bouncing , clattering items the on tray .
tr	I	You can my ask mom , if it 's the right kind of starry night .
tr	I	Dragging his hand free of her body , he up reached and smoothed her tangled hair back from her face .
tr	I	You wan na sit on the for curb three hours in the dark and pick your nose ?
tr	I	I at looked Stella .
tr	I	Knowledge of a world that were we to become .
tr	I	The only issue I had was that Lee Dr. is a male .
tr	I	When he spoke , his voice was and raspy tired .
tr	I	Blackjack steps up to table the .
tr	I	That 's not what he to needed hear .
tr	I	She tried to keep the anger out her of voice .
tr	I	As the boys left the hall they passed an display aircraft .
te	I	' I thought of trying suet next pudding . '
te	I	Their dinner guests stand in the hallway outside the apartment door , holding heavy winter coats in of front them in folded arms .
tr	I	He grabbed the bag from the backseat and followed them the through entrance .
tr	I	I swallowed hard , ignoring the painful jab my at self-esteem .
tr	I	But Paul all knew about what happened last Saturday night .
tr	I	Celeste could hear him muttering himself to all the way down the dock as he went towards the street .
tr	I	Her legs ached from running , and her face lined was with sweat .
va	I	They ´ re not from world this .
tr	I	Lauren cried , pieces of old an family puzzle suddenly coming together .
tr	I	I thought if I left the chain in place no would one notice .
tr	I	Without conscious thought , she found herself standing outside 's Zack room .
tr	I	Dr. Liang spoke to him in low , harsh Chinese , and Smith heard sounded what like the name of the research institute .
tr	I	My new and unexpected tattoo served a as bittersweet reminder .
tr	I	He never seemed drink to on duty , so Chris couldn 't figure out why he spent so much time there .
tr	I	She his searched face .
va	I	He means offense no by that and I don 't take any .
tr	I	Train of will Power transpire as he planned it .
tr	I	This one looked the like outline of a giant , disproportionate boomerang .
tr	I	He had only been eight and more than happy to comply .
tr	I	She smiled with one of edge her lip as she twisted a pencil in her hands .
tr	I	If they had to hang around here , hoped she that it wouldn 't be for too long .
tr	I	I have might believed that about Chloe if she weren 't scouting the room , totally looking for my boyfriend .
tr	I	She 'd rejected him long so ago .
tr	I	As Rafael reached the tunnel , he held Kai the by shoulder .
tr	I	I on the other hand felt the same as Catriona , but was prepared to use his and contacts put up with his annoying nuances .
tr	I	Then she glared at the salt and pushed at it with a withered forefinger , prodding into it heaps and whorls .
te	I	I figured if she was ready , 'd she let me know .
tr	I	He held her to him , a tiny of package dynamite , closing his eyes to savor the moment .
va	I	he asked me answer in .
tr	I	A holstered automatic and a compact gun machine in hand announced the guy 's intentions .
tr	I	I pulled away from Ben and looked up , right into the face of the one man I hoped had I would not see .
tr	I	She could damn well enjoy the moment she however wanted .
tr	I	Yet , in the end , they had repudiated him for to trying save his son when he knew there was no hope .
va	I	' Mr Dawes , ' he said , catching up at the head of stair the .
tr	I	Search for of evidence missing children .
tr	I	Moss had Hill done the trick .
tr	I	At last , as she began to shout streams hoarse of a language unknown to the observers , a final face appeared before her .
tr	I	If I ever proof needed that Ash still loved Ariella , here it was .
tr	I	I wanted to lash out in anger , but my body was heavy unwilling and to move .
tr	I	The heat of fire the was bringing her back to life .
tr	I	But we 've got to look into some of the she things 's found .
tr	I	But these were men Pathfinders .
tr	I	Finally said he something in Sioux .
tr	I	Nick decided their bizarre was discussion at an end .
tr	I	I 'm satisfied with trade our .
tr	I	She just going kept and going .
tr	I	Pia obviously help needed .
tr	I	Best of all , the far tale lighter had nicer characters and I had a blast writing and researching the story !
tr	I	Before I began my one-man party , made I another attempt to reach out to Sydney .
tr	I	And she had no intention of visiting the doctors with couches in their offices to out find .
tr	I	With a forceful swing she the flung heaviest bag into the back of her vehicle , using anger to fuel her strength .
va	I	She didn 't want to know who experience the was with because it didn 't matter .
tr	I	One grand day at quarries the I slipped off a ledge as we hauled a load of slag up the side of the mountain .
tr	I	What the was problem ?
tr	I	Closer , he spread her open for tongue his to explore , to love .
va	I	Roxy laughed , then turned and cracked her head own .
tr	I	The spirit obviously lacked the power the or knowledge to complete the manifestation .
te	I	Be glad to get out of here , and 007 will need to write his of version what happened .
tr	I	She found liked she to dress for him , to see the dark lust building as his gaze followed her around the chamber .
tr	I	Which was why they 'd her brought to Las Vegas .
tr	I	Danni waited until his parents were gone before taking a seat Darren on 's bed .
tr	I	If the others could do it , I would learn to do as it well .
tr	I	Olivia off got the couch , walking across the large , airy living room and into the hallway toward the front door .
tr	I	During those years three , I 'd never once cal ed out for help , never stopped the insanity of living unprotected among mortals .
va	I	His picked heart up its pace .
tr	I	He remembered ruefully the shit storm he 'd had when he 'd announced to CO his his intention to marry Gema .
tr	I	Guards swarmed the ballroom , wearing eyewear protective .
tr	I	The high school band had played and there 'd been a tour of the that facilities included cookies and juice for the kids .
tr	I	He picked up the few that not had disintegrated on impact and threw them back in the direction they came from .
tr	I	He knows he can the fix police .
tr	I	While they would never betray the others , were they unwilling to chance the perils of war .
tr	I	It true was ; Maddie always knew how I really felt inside , no matter what I said .
va	I	I moved into little the space .
va	I	Just an chest empty in a hidden room .
tr	I	He then walked along the street by the store , turned right the at corner leading to the apartments above , and returned soon after .
tr	I	It was city issue not State , and the man was well out his of jurisdiction .
tr	I	It happened once before about one years thousand ago .
tr	I	I brush lightly the boy in the wolf suit in the crook of his elbow .
tr	I	Without where knowing it all came from the words to say came to me .
te	I	Courtney hurried back to dance the door .
tr	I	I 'm so frustrated , could I scream .
te	I	A small and sputter the machine roars to life .
va	I	Then I danced my way back to Dec who gave me a high five and down a low .
tr	I	As he drove back to his hotel in town , he the played tape back to himself , listening for a second time to her answers .
va	I	Elizabeth didn answer 't , but placed her finger over her lips , pointing up at the ceiling light .
tr	I	Mom made deflated a sound .
tr	I	' You to aim attack me .
tr	I	Messenger boys be would seen reading the letters in their breaks ; copies could even be spotted in the cases of judges and advocates .
tr	I	In America life has a become daily quest for instant gratification .
tr	I	Then choked he out an explosion that caused his entire body to jerk and shudder .
va	I	A piece of falls hair into her eyes , and I am brushing it back before she even notices it .
tr	I	They during came the dark hours .
tr	I	The shells swept No Man Land 's , changing the old landscape into something new .
tr	I	That why 's we seek aid from local authorities wherever we can .
tr	I	The Dark Crystal shone beams of light -- not healthy light , but living -- light from its facets .
tr	I	I threw an ammonia bottle the against wall .
tr	I	Thad waved his and arms nearly screamed at the absurdity he faced .
tr	I	They were more of an early warning system to let us know danger was coming and if we didn 't spring into action , we die would .
tr	I	His shout sounded muffled and somehow small , like squeaking the of an ant .
tr	I	An extra twinge from some recess of my mind added to tension my .
tr	I	And I it love when you spout off long , nervous , ridiculous rants .
va	I	Ye love will again .
tr	I	There was only one other floor it for to go to , and the descent took several minutes .
va	I	I shot upward , breaking grip the of those who held me , and felt my knee connect with a solid chin .
tr	I	After all , when all was and said done , he was still her boss .
te	I	And then he held his arms out at his sides and fell backward off cliff the .
tr	I	The driver waited patiently as the SUV drove through the light green .
tr	I	His mind drifted , thinking on all there was to be done the in world .
tr	I	I feel everything but blood the , the blood that should be soaking my clothes .
tr	I	Her vision misted , and she looked at down Miranda .
tr	I	Out here , it was the just two of us , and possibly some dolphins .
tr	I	My shoulders screamed in protest , and my trembled hands wildly .
tr	I	Fili and Kili and the hobbit went back one day down the valley and among scrambled the tumbled rocks at its southern corner .
tr	I	How long has it been since I studied a Shakespearean in play English class , or memorized Irish verbs for tests ?
tr	I	When it was clear that had Charlie no more to offer , the conversation turned to how the administration would handle the matter .
va	I	At this least time we know what the underlying secret is .
tr	I	She reflexively smiled back , then yanked her eyes away increased and her pace .
tr	I	Why not take back her to Quebec , they asked ?
tr	I	Frappe attempting was to eat a cheese bigger than his own head .
tr	I	My flight was leaving soon , and I spent the rest of our time together trying to look and stoic resigned about this unpleasant mission .
tr	I	I was pissed I and had only myself to blame .
tr	I	I got 've only one person to blame - me .
tr	I	She noticed how Peter hadn 't introduced them to by her their Christian names and she felt very much put in her place .
tr	I	I was to afraid move .
tr	I	It at had least one horn .
tr	I	She was in a room used for all kinds of sexual kinky acts .
tr	I	Feng 's the gotten manifest only once .
tr	I	However , the window at the end of bathroom the looks large enough for me to slip through it and out the castle .
tr	I	They continued without incident for an approximately hour before the shouts echoed from behind them .
va	I	She still felt weak and and tired wanted to sleep .
te	I	They didn 't know about all the ongoing , specialized training he to did keep himself in shape and his skills sharp .
va	I	Dane took the picture stared and at it .
tr	I	And now , it was a big mess fat .
tr	I	Those are of works art .
tr	I	Gradually their letters grew in length , but were never any frequent more .
tr	I	Kaitlyn whirled to the see most unlikely person imaginable .
tr	I	As far I as know there was no one on either side has this .
tr	I	He had a long fight of ahead him .
tr	I	He talked to from her the doorway .
va	I	I raised eyebrow an .
tr	I	Wind whistled the through trees even though the storm had eased .
tr	I	One of the two of them was going to have to put training a schedule together .
te	I	I looked her at , incredulously .
tr	I	For the moment Samara was glad he had not made it to the of rear the trailer .
tr	I	Don you 't even talk about Jace to me !
tr	I	Metal was hurled metal against .
va	I	She stabbed portion a with a fork , then pushed her plate away .
tr	I	He continued to wolf the down stew , thinking he 'd never tasted anything so delicious in his life .
tr	I	He let go of and me turned with his back to the wall .
tr	I	Yeah , we 're starting the long drive home tomorrow , but want I things to say the same when we get back .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what he meant as he moved past a heap of broken bicycles to another cabinet glass .
tr	I	Jay hadn moved 't .
va	I	Darcy looked at the dress , her eyes in widened amazement .
te	I	Maddie said absently , clearly engrossed her in book .
tr	I	She 's been looking after you for the last decade now and she has to enjoy her life a bit .
tr	I	He wouldn 't do anything to that jeopardize .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wasn 't for looking her .
va	I	He stood waiting for her to decision share herself with him or damn him to eternal isolation .
tr	I	He at looked me .
te	I	Please don 't have a reason can I 't leave you here on the curb .
te	I	Rush rose slowly to his feet then , faced her and placed his hands on her in shoulders a brotherly fashion , his eyes clear .
va	I	His thumb stopped stroking and fingers his sifted up into my hair , putting pressure on so my lips touched his .
tr	I	He 'd slept on the from floor the time he was a baby .
te	I	She whipped back around to at glare him .
tr	I	It was like being in the middle a of blitz , but as swiftly as it had begun it was over .
tr	I	The frame back swung a full ninety degrees before thudding noisily against the iron cage that enfolded the window 's outer casement .
te	I	If went I home , and turned my back on fighting , then I 'd be turning my back on everyone here .
te	I	She smiled and the patted screaming baby in her arms .
tr	I	Dad would be fine on his own tonight , especially with doctor the just minutes away .
te	I	Puzzled , he it examined .
te	I	When she had left , she 't hadn really thought of anything .
tr	I	He tasted minty and fresh , and as his tongue invaded mouth her , she made a sound deep in her throat and met him eagerly .
tr	I	A towel and pajamas lay forlorn atop hamper a of dirty laundry in his closet .
tr	I	I struggled make to sense of this .
tr	I	It wasn 't until Darren caught it and sailed back it with ease that Danni exhaled .
tr	I	Even the skin was there pasty and gray .
tr	I	No regard for Elders the .
te	I	That might not seem like a lot compared to all of humanity , but it 's still a needle a in haystack .
tr	I	It was the first time Anna came town to and felt part of it .
tr	I	My teasing brings a smile small of relief to Day 's lips .
tr	I	Alone in theater the , I don 't think I had ever been so scared .
tr	I	I didn 't want to know answer the .
tr	I	Though why you would want break to up with her , I don 't know .
tr	I	Not until we 've gotten to each know other better .
te	I	She found had him .
tr	I	Today they produce half of the world watches 's .
tr	I	Miranda had to agree the with woman .
tr	I	I suck in air .
tr	I	Aaron was still struggling with dizziness from the hit to his head , so Jayden prepared to take on the surrogate role 's .
tr	I	Not a out hair of place .
tr	I	No matter what happened , his only chance of having some portion of a normal life on depended that .
va	I	Mario clapped his on nephew the back .
te	I	His hands suddenly closed her around throat .
tr	I	Come on , Diana , you know this all as well as I do .
tr	I	And present the state of things is this .
tr	I	I a swallowed lump in my throat and tried to answer without fear fumbling my words .
te	I	See if you can consolidate 's everybody things .
tr	I	I walk from the archway into middle the of the big empty sleep room .
tr	I	Warm fanned wind me .
tr	I	The evil laughing of a divine being filled the room like chilling a wind .
te	I	Gently the letting folds of fabric fall , his hands were now inside her vest , sliding upward .
tr	I	' Aren 't any there honest men in the government , father ? ' '
tr	I	The word operative being friend .
tr	I	He taught them the that outside world was a dangerous place , and that people were dirty and couldn 't be trusted .
tr	I	A radio lay to side one .
tr	I	In fact , was he sexier than she remembered .
te	I	It would be like trying marry to a rich woman for her money .
va	I	Claire stood there shaking , bat still cocked in the ready position , as the last guy scrambled off up the pavement and lurched away .
tr	I	Hank came down the from mountain .
va	I	I just ´ can t point it out exactly .
tr	I	Manfred glanced behind him to see if the was Rev also leaving the gloomy building .
tr	I	I flushed embarrassing with anger at the thought .
tr	I	His knelt father beside him on the floor and sniffed .
tr	I	If it looked as if a woman wasn 't interested , which happened just about never , he move would happily on to the next .
va	I	I 'm too weak to respond , so I nodded -- even I still wanted to protest about captured getting by his insane sister .
tr	I	But it nothing meant .
tr	I	I can 't even find my voice to ask what happened the to mother .
va	I	Abruptly , an eerie of wave familiarity washed through me .
tr	I	Keeping every move silent , I what surveyed was on the ground .
va	I	Then eyes his moved through the room .
va	I	If you don 't stop asking questions , you 're going to end dead up like Lily .
va	I	The Rabbi sat back and looked one to side and then the other .
tr	I	The soldier was a beast -- over easily six feet tall with shoulders broad enough to get stuck in a doorway .
te	I	And now that the brothers were sitting deep in its heart , possibilities the came home to them much more than they had half the world away .
tr	I	White globes of sweet-smelling flowers burst like stars across the all green .
te	I	His eyes 't didn turn away from the letter , however .
tr	I	Lord knows his mother asked me about it chance every she got .
tr	I	The was girl perfection personified .
tr	I	Daniel quick 's glance took in everything , and his eyes started to sparkle .
te	I	If say you another word on the subject you 'll be in for a month 's worth of detention . '
tr	I	A ripple of comfort that felt like Cain brushed mind her , gone so soon , she wasn 't sure she 'd felt it at all .
te	I	The heart-wrenching howl , the sight of Derek caught between human and werewolf , chills sent racing down Sheree 's spine .
te	I	The talking stopped , and the soldiers all rose to their turn glance at the lieutenant .
tr	I	She stripped off her gloves and passed them to Ivy , who took gravely them and tucked them into her reticule .
tr	I	My ears picked up on a strange and very irregular heartbeat me behind .
va	I	It was only natural Jill that and I would have distinct differences - I was a human , and she was a vampire , after all .
tr	I	It 't wasn you .
tr	I	I want to cover myself and at yell her , but I don 't .
tr	I	Maybe ... maybe the other aspects would their find way to wherever we were going .
va	I	He and his lackeys hadn been 't in Recife by mere coincidence .
tr	I	The classroom empty was .
tr	I	She cried out , letting go of the steering as wheel the car wheeled into the opposite lane , the car slowing .
tr	I	Like Sebastian had Becky craved .
te	I	I placed hand her over my heart .
tr	I	His fight with Kathy didn seem 't to have bothered him .
va	I	Thirty or so behind him , and we already had a hundred Reboots Austin from .
tr	I	A young girl stood his at side , holding her own .
tr	I	Rich all was wrong when Ron reached him .
va	I	He leaned against the frame mesh covering the door and rang the bell .
tr	I	He opened a drawer and pulled out something of it .
tr	I	A turtleneck was a bad among sign their kind .
tr	I	The trench was carefully sited no farther from the central trunk than the of reach the branches .
tr	I	Her throat dried her and belly tightened .
tr	I	It 's them not .
tr	I	Moving eyes only , Matt gauged his chances of breaking for the trees in a mad run but odds the were not good .
te	I	I not 'm your lover anymore .
tr	I	His voice had died in his throat he as looked up at the powerful building .
tr	I	I got up studied and him carefully .
te	I	From room the next to us , I hear muffled voices , no shouting -- which has to be a good sign .
tr	I	As our population ages , doctor the shortage will be a big issue than funding healthcare .
va	I	He was still here , and he never got out to see what going was on ?
va	I	He to nodded Vin , then withdrew .
tr	I	They just decided to make the best things of .
tr	I	Well she a was bit more interesting .
te	I	If I could for go Mexican food with a team I no longer belonged to .
tr	I	He was in terrible , terrible pain as hand his , and the taser , were being crushed in Mark 's grip .
tr	I	What wrong was with me ?
tr	I	Now we were to getting learn the ordinary details of their lives .
tr	I	Look how fast kids those changed .
tr	I	So I can still feel proud of him , even though he 's a bit of a hero tarnished now .
va	I	I shaken 'd my head .
te	I	He had no doubt that , sooner or later , she would his fulfill every desire , grant his every wish .
va	I	More of them dotted the trees above them , creating the same effect roped as Christmas lights .
tr	I	Katrina laughs lightly they as walk away .
tr	I	Geez , 's he soooo cute .
tr	I	She vowed that one day would she be reincarnated .
tr	I	They told everyone same the story .
tr	I	He off was a second later .
tr	I	The minute the words are out , I them regret as her face falls .
tr	I	When arrived I Cynthia Carson was talking to Pete Hall and George Sanders .
tr	I	He looked at up her .
te	I	A tear leaked down my ... cheek not Sammy .
te	I	They feel they have they all need .
tr	I	He was still hard , buried to the hilt Billie inside 's body .
tr	I	Angels were created to adore Him , add to to the power of His Glory , but I had chosen to love her .
tr	I	' It Peter 's Chalmers ! '
tr	I	She felt giddy like she laugh might , but it wasn 't joy .
tr	I	She knew basics the .
tr	I	He looked surprised at own his pain .
tr	I	They not would survive this monster without it .
va	I	We got off at the same stop , and only then Barbie did talk to me .
tr	I	Zane glanced at up the canopy .
tr	I	I couldn 't hate for him being who he was .
tr	I	A pout formed at the corners her of mouth .
tr	I	Inside it , a single fat pupa hung the off glass wall .
tr	I	A series of appeared photos on the screen .
tr	I	Molly tried to laugh but forgotten had how .
tr	I	That 's an boat inflatable , Outsider .
tr	I	Then he handed Reacher a ballpoint pen and squared a register front in of him .
tr	I	My best friend is living a similar situation in theory yet completely different in intensity .
tr	I	Delighted to in help any way .
tr	I	I raise my hand in a wave weak .
tr	I	I him admired for that .
tr	I	' Yes , quite , ' eventually she said .
tr	I	Now where I am ?
tr	I	The engine roared and the tires spewed a up load of snow , and , for a second , dirt .
te	I	Katie stood and up dusted herself off , causing such a large cloud of flour that Jason had actually stood outside waiting for it to dissipate .
tr	I	Her body jerked her and thoughts fractured .
tr	I	You have should seen her today .
tr	I	It maybe 's we took off more than we can chew .
te	I	Why aren 't they yet home ?
tr	I	It got me wondering what would it be like to possess a power of my own .
tr	I	She immediately came to greet him , giving him a bear hug as soon as stepped he out of the car .
tr	I	I stay the on move .
tr	I	Guess the police aren 't better much in England . '
tr	I	I thought for a minute , chewing on lip my .
tr	I	Of you course can ask what I 'm wearing .
te	I	Another member of Bjorn crew 's spilled out the contents of a leather bag .
tr	I	Even the mourning females had silent gone .
tr	I	She not could remember spilling that .
tr	I	A mess whose grades did a nose dive into the bottom the of class .
tr	I	She leaned back from him and stroked the hair that was now damp with cold away sweat from his forehead .
tr	I	We narrowed down the group of staff to four who people knew Nesbitt the best .
te	I	It 's from my book The of Sleight Heart and Other Stories .
tr	I	Her eyes grow wide and for a moment I can see she that considers telling me yes .
tr	I	The helicopter paused overhead and a person coming started down on a hoist .
tr	I	Contrarily enough , I all was for it .
tr	I	Deep in thought , she barely registered the change in the as wind it shifted direction , blowing away from her , stirring dirt in the street .
tr	I	Tonight you write 'll your last entry , you won 't die tomorrow , but you won 't be able to write further .
tr	I	Catherine smiled at him and he returned her smile , even if a unsure bit .
tr	I	Another group , larger and growing by the minute , hung loosely together the in center of the atrium .
tr	I	I was still hard throbbing and .
tr	I	She knew no one else would be able to find her there because the trees hid the little group chairs of well with their low hanging branches .
tr	I	We finally tore apart Mason and broke the silence .
tr	I	My lip was partially and swollen the bleeding was subsiding , but I still looked horrible .
tr	I	She smiled at him , and they chatted for bit a near the drinking fountain .
tr	I	Sure it was a idea crazy , but why not ?
tr	I	Her mother 's request included at least six or seven dolls different .
tr	I	Catherine flicked her hair over shoulder her .
te	I	I clenched my eyes shut and struggled to hold back the that whine wanted to escape my lips .
tr	I	A uniformed man came running towards me carrying a big medical red bag .
tr	I	Floyd was standing Ace behind 's chair .
tr	I	Meanwhile , the Norman foot soldiers toward moved the convoy with crossbows cocked and bows strung .
tr	I	I don 't know if it was water the or possibly something in the cave that ignited it .
tr	I	That was sure of nice Kellan .
te	I	Jason was content to just stand watch and .
va	I	Volunteering to replace was it the Pool of Tears .
tr	I	If I opened my eyes , I could grab it and fire him at before he knew what hit him .
tr	I	I knew what she was saying , and I bit at the of side my bottom lip and shook my head .
tr	I	Both had women accepted the warriors for who and what they were .
tr	I	By the time he got his mask straight she disappeared 'd like the morning mist .
tr	I	He a lifts small plastic bag .
tr	I	Abe yelled , trying busily to shed his own bedding .
tr	I	I 'll hold you that to .
tr	I	He could feel his face turning red and his heart pounding in his chest as if was it about to burst through and escape .
tr	I	She moved fast , pulling and yanking the body the across floor .
tr	I	That what is our father taught us .
tr	I	Like he 'd really have a choice , thought Roger to himself but kept his mouth shut .
tr	I	They had taken up the front pews , Frank while stood before them with his thumbs in his pockets .
va	I	I up held my hand .
tr	I	But harmed they us anyway .
tr	I	But her hand passed right through , just like it the had last time she tried to touch him .
tr	I	Maybe they could talk their out way of this .
tr	I	Tavi waited until she left had to ease himself out of the tub .
va	I	He it means , even if I am not going to say it back .
tr	I	I won 't for stand it .
tr	I	he said his before lips turned up .
tr	I	The sisters a made helpless gesture in apology .
tr	I	I 'm the girl who hangs on periphery the .
va	I	With the insurance money , Matt and Margaret had purchased replacement a car .
tr	I	The Valkyrie glaring kept at me , but I was used to her temper .
tr	I	' That great sounds . '
tr	I	But the wolves seeing were them now .
tr	I	The tigress her in was certainly running rampant today .
tr	I	she said to turning face him .
tr	I	He lifted yellowed a brow .
tr	I	She had only a short time before her daughter was forced to do deadly something for a pup .
tr	I	I squirm against uneasily her heated gaze .
tr	I	And I didn 't know if she found Kenzie amusing offensive or .
tr	I	Before Rina could reply , jarring the ring of the phone startled her .
va	I	The only illumination in the was room Will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers .
tr	I	He had my heart and there nothing was I could do to change that .
tr	I	I shrug , flicking the bolt in back John 's direction .
tr	I	I had no more idea of what was going on me with than he did .
tr	I	We chased and hundreds slew of critters , ranging from field mice to foxes .
tr	I	He licks his wounded lip he as rocks into me again .
tr	I	The few students who were there winced in response and a scream unbridled of agony erupted from George .
va	I	As soon as I locked the door , cat the continued complaining .
te	I	Three eighty , of kind nice , though small .
tr	I	The furniture would be trashed and blood would splatter the on walls .
tr	I	He shook from exhaustion , from shivered cold .
va	I	Restless , Jacob and stood paced around the room , snagged her coat , turned the heat down .
tr	I	I start in on a series push-ups of .
tr	I	Jude 's head above nodded mine .
tr	I	I wasn 't even sure I could trust him , but I needed to someone tell about my discovery .
tr	I	I 'm still in love with her , and to me that means that I want nothing more than for her to be happy life in .
va	I	No customers chatted , no bell dinged as the door opened and shut the in noon rush .
tr	I	Patty had said that her friend had also suffered a concussion , broken two ribs , and a crushed pelvis .
tr	I	That him chilled , too .
tr	I	She had no idea what was passing through his head at second that .
tr	I	Maybe professor the is our guy .
tr	I	She was dying in front of me and just I watched .
va	I	A number of orbs hung near the ceiling , if any of them were guide their Eris couldn 't tell .
te	I	The last word on the long very and complicated scroll of their contract glowed lightly as it was burned onto the page .
tr	I	I pushed him away using the hand that wasn 't into strapped a brace , all the while holding back tears .
tr	I	We you need alive .
va	I	Unlike Taylor and Josh , he would never leave her because wasn she 't what he wanted her to be .
tr	I	Need grabbed him at the of base the throat and squeezed .
tr	I	He pulled the curtain in shut front of it .
tr	I	He 'd rather focus on the one positive that had come out of to coming New York : dinner with Tara .
tr	I	A chant like waving a in a giant wheat field flows over the crowd .
tr	I	Turning her to , he asked for proof of what she said .
tr	I	He gained favor with the Vicar Swiss when a group of anarchists made an attempt on Vicar the 's life .
tr	I	I stumbled a into patch of sunflowers , while Mom and dad caught me as I hugged them , sobbing .
tr	I	Unfortunately , Mayor Fritz didn 't want any of type notification to the public .
tr	I	The F-16s six were 50 miles out to sea , west of San Diego , and their radar controller was watching their formation flying .
te	I	The smoke from the fire extinguishers grew thick and dark around the car as the crew emergency attacked the flames .
tr	I	That led Noah to believe the culprit had to be someone who hated her and was hoping to punish her something for .
tr	I	I weaved in and out of rooms avoiding giant slabs of stone that could have crushed easily me .
tr	I	I lying 'm in bed , his arms wrapped around me from behind .
te	I	It 's part what of I am .
tr	I	Long ago he had conceded to hoard orchard the 's produce .
tr	I	Christopher had introduced me to most everyone , toting me around the as yard he sang my praises .
te	I	Maybe she was at stuck work .
va	I	From there the would advantage lay squarely with the reverend as the exertions took their toll on the creature .
tr	I	Jess favored Alex a with frosty glare .
va	I	Goose bumps flashed , and trembled I .
te	I	But the breeding more was of a hobby , rather than Adam 's primary purpose in buying the ranch .
tr	I	Her gaze went slowly back the to paper .
te	I	Selma retreated to Simon 's room to rest , not that Fin thought she could with Liz shouting as was she .
tr	I	A knife was for useful many things besides killing .
tr	I	I watched his face his as eyes scanned the hallways .
tr	I	When details had been passed to Paramaribo , Lucas Perk , Police the Inspector , had taken charge .
tr	I	Ethan her anchored to him as if that would keep her safer .
va	I	We fall would in love and get married , and we would have wonderful children .
tr	I	Somebody hit her regularly as if would she be a boxer 's bag .
tr	I	Hancock paused turned and around .
tr	I	Also , the for first time , probably because she was rested and had a full stomach , she actually looked around at Adrien 's apartment .
tr	I	Severance had been short-tempered with her since he had used his knife against the man who had tried kill to her .
tr	I	The wal s shook , and two large , dark forms squeezed their misshapen bodies into the entrance the of Sepulchre .
tr	I	I remember , then , I that am dressed like the Erudite .
tr	I	She handed it to me as walked I up to her .
tr	I	The morning was crisp , blue skies with of puffs white .
tr	I	For some reason , she wanted to that wipe silly smug look off of his face .
tr	I	As gave Harald Oleg a sorrowful departing glance , he noticed something surprising that warranted closer examination .
tr	I	As they touched , gripped , heat and flashed light .
tr	I	I asked she and nodded .
tr	I	He stared her at , appalled .
tr	I	He knew when his eyes burned red by the look sudden of horror on her face .
va	I	he hadn 't mentioned to it her .
tr	I	And he wanted all only that was good for her forever and always .
va	I	They always so seemed silly to me ; so small .
tr	I	That 's what caught 's Jenna eye .
tr	I	She was welcome to believe whatever she about wanted me .
te	I	Cameron asked , sauntering up to Laura 's deck when the was game over .
te	I	He stood to one side she as parked .
tr	I	And she wasn 't she sure wanted to .
tr	I	I looked at Betty first and she gave a me warm smile .
tr	I	Then he dropped bombshell another on her .
tr	I	But his feet seemed to have a mind their of own .
tr	I	He waited the until two beasts were ready before flipping a further panel open .
tr	I	They literally were my favorite band .
tr	I	He looked me at with a mixture of pity and contempt .
tr	I	I 'm not going to have one of best my couriers waiting around just in case he needs a document pronto .
va	I	This was I what wanted .
tr	I	And when he healed , he could help the rebuild warriors Club Destiny , giving something back to the town .
tr	I	Maggie 's were lips soft and decadent .
tr	I	It was so much to ask of anyone , even friend a as near and dear as Lindy .
tr	I	Relief so strong poured me over as Nash reached out to stroke my cheek .
tr	I	With than more one undercurrent flowing around the room .
tr	I	Now , crimson ink from branched both scars , forming glorious wings .
tr	I	I lay my head his on chest .
te	I	It 's got to be some of kind anniversary .
tr	I	Until that thought hit , she hadn 't realized she 'd been trying to find way a to forgive him .
tr	I	She leaned forward to set her mug back on the tray and picked up rose the .
tr	I	Julia gestured to the magazine , completely unable to her finish sentence , certainly incapable of walking twenty feet to a newsstand to buy her own copy .
tr	I	Holly , always thoughtful the one , offered to help Dan set up his room .
te	I	He extends claw a , and the insect leaves its inspection of my cheek to light on his fingertips .
tr	I	What 's you holding back ?
tr	I	And cares who what Viola says ?
tr	I	She was fascinated Jonas with Quarrel .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to therapy as much and I actually felt good every I day woke up .
va	I	Before I can answer , a loud bang ignites on the other of side the window .
tr	I	Juliet kind of wiggled in seat her .
tr	I	From the big graveyard on hill the ?
tr	I	They realized our fleet of ships was just above the Earth s ´ atmosphere .
te	I	For the most part , she 'd thought 'd she done remarkably well to keep her wits about her .
tr	I	* * Upon the reaching bloodied battleground , the first thing I noticed was the rank of the Brute .
tr	I	She her bit lip .
tr	I	My is hope lost now , Anna .
tr	I	Sky had been on the track right all along .
va	I	He after trailed me , speaking rapidly now , like the spiel came with the wheels .
tr	I	To hug and him hit him .
tr	I	Thank you again for it looking over before I turn it in .
tr	I	Master put George his hands on his knees to catch his breath , not seeming to care one way or the other .
tr	I	The walls of the facility grey are and uninspiring , cramped and claustrophobic , and aren 't exactly designed to make us comfortable .
tr	I	Not a shape single loomed from the shadows .
tr	I	Who better than to Jacques set this entire thing up ?
tr	I	I guess it was just a matter of time I before asked her to marry me .
tr	I	He out held his hand .
tr	I	She wanted to hold on it to forever so it could keep her warm .
va	I	' We 'd better be quick , ' Terri said , with fiddling the torch .
tr	I	I can 't believe much how he has changed from the man I met a few years ago .
tr	I	' I 'll saddle him up and have taken him to you .
tr	I	Rebecca forced several deep to breaths quell the panic inside her .
tr	I	It sat almost ten miles outside of town , but the were roads always empty and the highway stretched in a straight line .
tr	I	They cannot it say all .
tr	I	And I was also big a fat liar .
tr	I	He left the lavatory and headed the for teacher 's lounge .
tr	I	He sighed , and started at driving a normal speed , watching the road .
tr	I	Grandmother wouldn 't want it any way other .
tr	I	He reached inside the shattered back window and Danielle unbuckled 's seat belt .
tr	I	Have told you Dad ?
tr	I	What it wasn 't telling her was how to up get the courage to do it .
tr	I	She opens of one her eyes to see what he is doing .
tr	I	Any case might we know ? '
tr	I	Relax elbows your . '
tr	I	He refuses to discuss the murder he committed either with myself and my officers or the psychologists and probation officers that attempted have to work with him .
tr	I	The butterflies in my stomach flapping started in earnest .
te	I	Then I remember that I 'm and cold damp and hungry .
tr	I	He quelled her and protests struggles with one look .
tr	I	He would often how ask I was doing and each time the answer was better .
tr	I	He caught up to the flaming ninja a for moment and reared back his mighty right arm .
tr	I	There was nothing silence but .
tr	I	Seeing him sitting in the bleachers watching me practice only made it worse because was I self-conscious and too self-aware .
tr	I	Shaun cried , drawing some attention from tables the around them .
tr	I	Hans her waved testimony aside .
tr	I	A moment later , he was motionless on floor the , his blood pooling beside his head .
tr	I	Dennis kept as steady he took the weapon .
tr	I	But it still felt good to say words the finally , to apologize for what her father did so many years ago .
tr	I	How we choose to do so is up us to .
tr	I	Or ensure she never wanted man another .
tr	I	I know now that I have a choice , and I choose to no change matter what the cost .
tr	I	Dave was really good covering at his tracks .
tr	I	We 're out the of culture now and they won 't be able to stop us .
te	I	And when she had last tried to look , she had felt creepy , as if she actually stalking was him .
va	I	The silver was fox hungry .
tr	I	Undaunted , he continued to tug and only realized slowly that he was leaving himself open to attack .
tr	I	Next , I ran to the lake , and , placing folded the leaf between my teeth , swam toward Mona 's house .
tr	I	She watched the young man , looked who like he couldn 't have been more than eighteen , waddle carefully over toward the kitchen .
tr	I	But a nine millimeter won 't always that do either .
tr	I	Would be he all right ?
tr	I	So he angry could barely speak , he thanked Adam for the heads up and dialed Beth .
tr	I	We can 't or help hang around in either case .
tr	I	After an long uncomfortably wait the knocking ceased .
te	I	I guess maybe I didn 't tell you much about your father because I was ashamed I fell in with love him .
te	I	His words flowed through mind my as clear as the day I 'd first heard them .
tr	I	It 's serviced more by hopeless wrecks like ourselves .
tr	I	He said nothing , not a good-bye or an acknowledgment , only strode away and back across street the to where Kim waited anxiously .
tr	I	After the war ended , I if survived , I would take this paper to all the towns across the territories and inform their families myself .
tr	I	The receptionist you said had gone for the day .
te	I	He took her arm above the elbow way the Murdoch had grasped her at the Scream Room !
tr	I	Fire erupted over the fields and possessed famine the oceans .
tr	I	Isaac swore , and a jabbed needle into his upper arm instead , injecting him with as much sedative as he dared .
tr	I	' I like just going to the theatre so I 'll be happy whatever we go for .
te	I	In his he heart knew .
va	I	That 's I why have to keep saying I 'm younger than I am .
va	I	Oh , no , you had to leap to the possible worst assumption .
tr	I	It all was nothing .
va	I	Then we can to try track them down .
te	I	Doug took one last look around then and agreed .
va	I	It meant they could make this even fun more than it usually would be .
tr	I	His foot slipped when he stepped up the onto coffee table .
va	I	Why don 't you go be happy the on other side of the house ?
tr	I	I hardly would believe it of myself except ' tis scratched into my memory .
tr	I	I couldn 't remember noticing anything about the woman on love the seat , which doesn 't happen to me .
va	I	Becky lost reason all .
tr	I	He knew he was on the edge a of cliff , barely holding on .
te	I	She gestured him to wait for two minutes more .
tr	I	He winked and pulled her the out door .
tr	I	She gave a small of shake her head , shrugging her shoulders .
tr	I	With a giggle he tried to back wink , using his mouth to help get it right , but still closing both eyes .
tr	I	She shook her head once more and looked down at countertop the .
tr	I	He refilled her glass and arranging the silverware , smile his turning into a frown .
tr	I	I have no idea what to do with these emotions raw which are coursing through my body like a poison .
tr	I	He heard threaten him guard .
te	I	Hayley had a dark side and was it coming out .
tr	I	He wanted her to remember that she might have made the first move , but he to liked lead .
tr	I	Her had plan backfired .
tr	I	He pulled her shorts and panties down her legs with a move so strong it almost was painful .
te	I	If it something were , she 'd still be screaming .
tr	I	This would be an unpleasant conversation , especially when brought she up the subject of money .
tr	I	And something she didn 't want to about think .
tr	I	She was strapped into a that harness held her horizontal to the ground .
te	I	Chapter Celaena 9 stood before the rosewood mirror , smiling .
tr	I	Riordan was cursing it when ebbed away .
tr	I	Who silence knew could be so loud ?
tr	I	Not wanting to neglect any part of him , Claire unfastened the button of pants his and loosened the zipper .
tr	I	And a host of new suspicions , too , realized he .
tr	I	I can let 't him feel that I would be missing anything .
tr	I	I him gave a quizzical look , but he shook his head .
tr	I	The thought flashed through Jake 's mind , followed by a more much acceptable alternative .
tr	I	I rolled my at eyes him .
te	I	It was pretty pathetic say to the least .
tr	I	After putting my gloves on , I slip my helmet over my head and look over at the boys to them see doing the same .
tr	I	' I still don 't know how much to trust her ... Elves are known for being and mischievous troublemakers .
va	I	I 'll to have hurry , or I 'll lose him .
te	I	It took a few seconds one but of them finally spoke up .
tr	I	At least could he still affect her , he thought .
va	I	By his side , Linda pointed to his name confirming his of ownership the vehicle .
tr	I	Violet didn like 't to break the silence at all .
tr	I	He breathed his on own .
tr	I	How could two people need each other so desperately , and yet not be to able reach out to one another ?
tr	I	She slipped off his lap , back onto the floor , the movement graceful , flowing water stone over .
te	I	The were living everywhere .
te	I	It on was the day he 'd married Roberta Stanton .
te	I	If there was ever a time Gwen wanted to probe was it now .
tr	I	A pillow was pushed in the under head .
tr	I	Xavier twisted the volume thimble knob so that the game 's sound effects concealed Nikolas and Sheila 's exact words .
tr	I	It was to hard tell whether it had been a fist , a rock , or a club , but it hurt plenty .
tr	I	Star so was much like a real human being , and ... Suddenly , he experienced a brilliant flash of understanding .
va	I	In order to our hide youngest brothers ' involvement in underage drinking , Gavin and Jack stand in front of West and Ethan .
va	I	He already was near the blinking lamp when a shadow flashed in a window nearby , and some creature sat on the glass , making it crunch .
tr	I	You 're different from anyone that 've I ever met .
te	I	Suggest he let her the use phone outside or somewhere more private .
tr	I	I 'd dead be if it wasn 't for her !
tr	I	Fifty down feet the ally beside the cafe that was previously mentioned , Peter popped into existence and caught the falling coin .
tr	I	She was developing a tolerance their for sustenance and was glad .
tr	I	Charlotte , you 'll me tell , won 't you ?
tr	I	And then the order came down the line to firing cease .
tr	I	he behind points me .
tr	I	Her compulsion to the follow moonlit path grew .
tr	I	Eloy reared at back the sight he barely recalled .
tr	I	Lex nodded quietly , wiping blood from Gabriel hands 's .
tr	I	She cared Zander about , and he cared about her .
tr	I	Not my fault , he himself assured .
tr	I	I don 't need to look into their skeptical faces to see presumption the and loathing .
tr	I	A flash pain of registered in his eyes , and then he glanced impatiently at the bandages on his shoulder .
tr	I	Fiona , your lead pack out of here .
tr	I	I back pulled out of our embrace .
tr	I	She stood her ground against him and had whispered that she couldn 't put up with anymore it .
tr	I	She really didn 't want to in land the wrong time without him by her side .
tr	I	One of the carriage drivers him answered .
va	I	He reached for hand her , but she snatched it back .
tr	I	He her loved , too .
tr	I	Four men got out of the van and to began walk over to me .
tr	I	This might be one of nice the times .
tr	I	The riders dismounted and to came the grave site .
tr	I	Kyle came up her behind .
tr	I	' Would you like to in come ? '
tr	I	O spring of Jesse , O heart my 's desire .
va	I	She too was old to do that .
tr	I	I strolled deliberately to bedroom my .
va	I	The envelope was with filled U.S. currency .
tr	I	The look was before gone I could be sure , though .
tr	I	All broke hell loose the next morning when Mrs Mason reported the kidnap of her husband .
tr	I	It cowered and screamed as Ronan crammed it into the box was that far too small to contain it .
tr	I	Orange backlit shadows danced on walls the .
te	I	She 'd been since fragile her last round of cancer treatments months ago .
tr	I	They returned to their homes and Josephine her unpacked groceries .
tr	I	Elizabeth felt as her if own circuits had been seriously damaged by Quinlan 's high-voltage lovemaking .
tr	I	You me saved from my own destruction .
tr	I	He had not allowed that courtesy amongst scores the of defeated wolves who were all now kneeled in front of him .
tr	I	The time is now right .
tr	I	But even still , I wouldn 't sunk have to your level and tried to kill you .
tr	I	And all of was it nothing but a prelude to the true attack .
tr	I	He was right ; in war a like this I would use my greatest weapon .
tr	I	She was a strapping and cat promising now , and purred as she shook hands with her friend .
tr	I	As soon as I cut back on hours my , I 'm going to get him .
tr	I	So though she loved Nash and had foolishly allowed herself to they believe might have a future , she 'd been deluding herself .
te	I	And they look ... so retro and outdated .
tr	I	Instantly , I realize that he in 's a much worse situation than he let on .
te	I	You shoulder plenty responsibility of .
tr	I	Even never I dreamed you 'd go as far as you did .
te	I	One in which our kind are the species dominant .
tr	I	A grin of pure amusement flashed Ruth across 's face .
tr	I	It had taken her long enough to believe it , damn but it , she did .
tr	I	But she looked my in face and went on .
tr	I	Callum 's sweet began Sonia to moan .
tr	I	I scowled at all of them and then I shook my head and walked around to the passenger 's side the of police car .
tr	I	He let his sink words in for a moment before continuing .
tr	I	He grinned rolled and her on top of him .
tr	I	Her eyes were heavily hooded as she watched me , but I could see the dim white glow radiating them from .
tr	I	She looked at the zig-zag pattern of the interlocking rail fence , and then her expression concentrated became .
tr	I	I rang the doorbell then and stepped back , half afraid she wouldn 't ask me in .
tr	I	There was barely room to maneuver around the and animal the warrior .
va	I	If I 'm late for work , I just 'll blame you .
tr	I	She was just an girl ordinary , only maybe extraordinarily stupid .
tr	I	He anxiously watched my every move when we home got , making me feel so guilty .
tr	I	He 's shorter Declan than , but lean , like a triathlete .
te	I	This how is it went .
tr	I	Smokey Robinson sang from softly the jukebox .
tr	I	' Not really , ' Red replied .
tr	I	Heavy and sounding metal .
tr	I	Jerry not did respond .
va	I	It was like stepping out of a warehouse and a into forest .
tr	I	Aunt tightened grip her .
tr	I	We have their letters telling us their experience their and backgrounds .
tr	I	The was trouble , I had no idea what Wilco was capable of .
tr	I	Very carefully , he the slides soft , fine grains into the envelope .
tr	I	The rest of the nuns fast were asleep in their beds .
tr	I	He looked tired and he like had lost some weight , but otherwise he was just as handsome as she remembered .
tr	I	Satisfied , Lucian continued listen to .
tr	I	He must not be concerned about animals any .
te	I	' I don 't ; know something . '
tr	I	I 't can hear her mind .
tr	I	She just stared at the jacket against resting her thigh .
tr	I	He 's also a tight bastard and won 't put out the extra cash for anyone else to hunt Duggan his or guys down .
va	I	He around turns looking directly at Diana and Marie .
tr	I	I 'll him kick in the balls .
tr	I	Dragos snapped his cell phone closed and it jammed into the pocket of his cashmere dress coat .
tr	I	Cassie away turned from him to study the shadows dancing across the parking lot .
tr	I	He watched the bubbles float over her shoulders down and her arms .
tr	I	Chloe dropped gun the .
te	I	She reached for her purse , found the initial letter , and laid the two to next each other on her desk .
te	I	Serena thinks Ronan of .
tr	I	He was halfway through when Jem made a noise realization of , clearly recognizing the Mark that his friend was drawing .
tr	I	His voice sounds intense more , more serious .
tr	I	there are only those love we .
tr	I	As the plane landed , thought Jon again about his family , and felt that old familiar dread creeping through him .
te	I	I shook my head pieces and of glass wiggled free from my hair , clinking off the hardwood floors .
tr	I	Sullivan rubbed harder at the wrinkle his between eyebrows .
va	I	Ryan to had give the woman credit for her discretion .
tr	I	Where the hell was this from coming ?
tr	I	Murphy turns , Society facing alongside Serena .
tr	I	I wanted to know how he did things the he had showed me .
va	I	Halen hit the staircase full at tilt , taking the stairs two at a time , silently cursing at himself every time he stumbled in his haste .
tr	I	He placed a piece of bread into the man 's bowl , then watched as he walked away sat and at a table , alone .
tr	I	It means fail without .
tr	I	' Most bore people me .
tr	I	Magnus looked as if might he purr .
tr	I	' What are thinking you about ? '
te	I	Kendall smiled , obviously pleased to be on in the action .
tr	I	Had Sid and Jonas meant get to him , they had missed the perfect opportunity .
tr	I	A showerhead was to mounted the side of the outhouse .
tr	I	She felt 'd him retrieve the stiletto , and she knew he was up to something .
tr	I	The did leader understand .
tr	I	Bribery corruption and , probably .
tr	I	At least had he stopped asking me if I regretted taking our relationship to the next level .
va	I	She was lying on a makeshift bed the near door , being tended by a doctor .
tr	I	Serpent out stepped from behind the tree .
tr	I	By now weren we 't thinking .
tr	I	I was afraid press to too hard , but I needed more answers .
tr	I	My father calls me to , sounding terrified .
tr	I	He wanted reassure to her by saying , There 's no hurry , but it would have been a lie .
tr	I	The archway led to a room with a long table conference and tall padded chairs .
tr	I	A moment later , walked Shane up behind her to wrap his arms around her waist .
te	I	A little in padding the toe would fix the problem .
tr	I	- on this night when the VW pulls into driveway our , the house lights are dark .
tr	I	Even if she did think that Morgan had going something on with Samson .
tr	I	Get used this to .
tr	I	You want me to this save woman .
tr	I	The drained colour from her face as she came upright .
tr	I	Because told you him to do it , fool .
tr	I	Amma her squeezed eyes tighter .
va	I	He closed his notebook tucked and it back into his pocket .
tr	I	People in movies don 't have even socks .
tr	I	Above poor the humans he shared the pavement with .
tr	I	All that cycling gave him sore chronically shoulders .
tr	I	I so feel useless .
tr	I	Besides that had she to stand on her own two feet .
te	I	I 'm very sorry what for happened with Rose , but you have to move on .
tr	I	The numbers on the page bigger are .
tr	I	He used it to communicate the focus of the return of rule of law he promised as he the ended interregnum and reinstated the Empire .
tr	I	He no had doubt this was coming from God , that God wanted him to pray for them .
tr	I	She 's going to in be Montana .
tr	I	A small walkway in suspended the air took us over to another part of the second floor .
te	I	Although something still troubled me , could I not tell or clarify with words what it could have been .
tr	I	I haste made to join the defenders .
va	I	He felt and heard continent the that lay between his question and her answer .
tr	I	There 's only one for remedy heartbreak .
tr	I	She shook her and head closed her eyes .
tr	I	He sure was that something had brushed his leg .
tr	I	I 't couldn do this with Mum and everyone else less than a wall away .
te	I	Before turning to the door , he threw me a of piece paper .
tr	I	Gravity on pulled her heart .
tr	I	He dusted his off cloak .
va	I	Then they wild go .
tr	I	After a time , Devlin stretched , got up and went to the nurses ' station like a man on an expedition the into wilderness .
te	I	Dale quiet was for a moment .
tr	I	I got up and placed my hands her on shoulders .
tr	I	I tried to regain serenity , but bile the within me would not allow it .
tr	I	We try to hold memories good .
tr	I	But Glen didn 't pick the painting because of its theme , because nor of the artist .
tr	I	Wandering the barren prairie alone , he might die thirst of or starvation before ever finding a village .
tr	I	Matthew suddenly realised that next to John not quite so drunk Cheetah was .
tr	I	He found the furnishing his to liking .
tr	I	I warn her that I look nothing the like Malcolm Bannister she met in prison .
tr	I	Mum and Dad had been at one end of the hallway , at Nate the other .
te	I	A man with a accent British answered .
tr	I	He the threw transmitter warmup switches , began checking the sequence tape .
va	I	She gave a me pointed glance .
te	I	Because one surefire way to kill vamp a ?
tr	I	Barely conscious and total in mental and physical agony , Lucas closed his eyes and awaited the inevitable .
va	I	How many rejections did receive you before you were finally published ?
tr	I	Darcy got the impression he wanted her to say something else , but 't wasn sure what he wanted to hear .
tr	I	I tell could we were on the edge of town .
tr	I	It took five minutes and happened in time real .
tr	I	There were two officers in car the .
va	I	Battling to remain conscious , could Lucien feel Jocelyn traveling ever farther away .
tr	I	The normally unflappable Burke was strangely quiet , an air of melancholy hanging his around head .
tr	I	Something was going on in out the world .
tr	I	Once she left room the , Royce tugged at the front of his pants trying to make room for the hard-on he was now sporting .
tr	I	Orson kept close , grunting each with breath , as though it were a struggle for him to stay with me .
tr	I	He deny did it .
tr	I	Laura , in a gown flowing of many colours , entered with her ever present smile .
tr	I	Her condition only worsened and thoughts her grew more plaintive .
tr	I	You want know to that my thong is drenched right now ?
tr	I	He pulled away , not liking the way her voice gone had all soft and grateful .
tr	I	I shuddered to think what they 'd say if they found out their was girl an actual witch with powers .
tr	I	Before him lay his spearmen , did nor they rise to salute him .
tr	I	After a long study , she smiled and moved back to the counter with brooches the .
tr	I	The office door was open and Collin could hear Phelps Dr. talking to the girl .
va	I	Peregrine Pratt was right in saying that we could not disprove the presence clandestine of visitors from another part of the universe .
tr	I	I knew about because it I 'd given Kevin a blowjob back there the night he helped his mentor hang his retrospective .
tr	I	So one chameleon didn have 't the same gifts as another one .
tr	I	It lit up face his , changed it .
tr	I	Holy shit , were women allowed trade to insults like that ?
tr	I	Her body pressed closer , firmer , his against .
tr	I	Eleanor tried to reassure him that she was not fragile and frail like his first wife , he but was too aware of the danger .
tr	I	I 'm usually not here at night .
tr	I	Sometimes did he just the right thing .
va	I	Another zombie through came the door .
tr	I	I her helped pick her apples down by the bushes .
tr	I	She jabbed him in chest the with a forefinger .
tr	I	His flared eyes and my breath caught .
tr	I	Noah screamed and broke of free June 's arms .
tr	I	Avoiding twice-daily trips the to convenience store for large sodas was helping significantly as well .
te	I	She couldn lose 't him now .
tr	I	On route our several laborers whistled at Violet .
tr	I	Alaina grabbed a fur robe a from hook on the kennel 's wall .
te	I	We were at the other end of the room before now another door .
tr	I	He 't wasn joking .
tr	I	I hate goodbyes , so this is the only one you get 'll .
tr	I	He took off to the job site after being told where Smith and Littleton most likely were , leaving Oriole to deal with office the staff .
tr	I	But first need you an idea .
te	I	Mia and Ryan watching were him again , and they were safe , but Sara was still worried about what the Smoke had said to her .
tr	I	Looking signs for of ... what ?
tr	I	And if Adam is thinking or feeling anything at all about me , he doesn 't it show .
tr	I	He up looked to see if anyone held a different view .
tr	I	She stood outside the door and listened to the conversations many among the men .
tr	I	Someone sobbing , tears dripping on her from neck above .
tr	I	He imagined that the fire of her touch burned a away fragment of his pain .
tr	I	He had a fast impression of a black car , long and lean , right slicing through the night and rain .
va	I	When they exited the supermarket , she Colin followed to their vehicle , where he loaded their purchases .
tr	I	She through flew the breached wall into Dark Fist .
tr	I	When father my gets on the phone , I tell him that I 'm at Abe 's and give him directions .
tr	I	For that matter , would she not smell or sense him in any way .
va	I	You 't won like what you find .
tr	I	He kept the farm up , but his heart just wasn 't it in anymore .
va	I	Bride at frowned them .
tr	I	But he was screwing up her results for her column and havoc wreaking with her body and her brain .
tr	I	Zachariah up stood abruptly and raised his goblet .
te	I	Please do for this me .
va	I	What bit next ? '
tr	I	He passed through the ruins and came to the edge of the stream where old an rock bridge spanned the fast flowing water below .
tr	I	The man big flattened hands on the counter , both angry and defensive .
va	I	You 're young still .
tr	I	He it knew from the way she arched her back off the desk .
tr	I	Actually , lot a more than I knew at the time .
tr	I	The eucalyptus trees outside were in thrashing a violent wind .
tr	I	Who does something that like ?
tr	I	Although he never 'd set eyes on them before he identified the items scattered around .
tr	I	I instinctively up bring Quinn 's username on my cuff .
va	I	A moan low of anguish escaped her .
tr	I	My eyes searched room the .
tr	I	I always thought that he nothing felt and that was so rude of me to think like that .
te	I	He led him in through the front door , a reassuring hand on the back of his neck , then to disappeared find the first-aid kit .
te	I	She glanced at over Mito .
tr	I	If I was a sensitive person , I would have felt a bit offended by the shock on face her .
tr	I	He unlocked the office and let in her , following her to Earl 's desk .
tr	I	She appeared be to loading a reply .
tr	I	It was easily the of length my arm , shoulder to wrist .
tr	I	Rory in pulled a deep breath .
tr	I	Melissa lunged suddenly , shoving the stake in forward a killing blow .
tr	I	I stronger am than the rest but those two can easily put me down .
tr	I	And , if you asked him , he would say same the thing about me .
tr	I	Tan leather covered the couch two and cushioned chairs .
tr	I	Zane grabbed a hold of my and shoulders looked into my eyes .
tr	I	He stepped forward held and his hand out to her .
tr	I	When Dougal took off his helmet , them giving a good-natured and toothy wolf grin , the lead man shoved his gun into Graham 's face .
tr	I	I like felt a traitor .
tr	I	When I finally got him back , at first I was overcompensating , barely letting him out of sight my .
tr	I	Tavi drew out a couple of the room 's chairs , putting them close together , and one held of them for her .
te	I	After giving the matter a deal great of thought she decided that this wasn 't the case .
tr	I	No one here would pick up after her she if made a mess of her life .
tr	I	He knew his diligence be would worth the wait .
tr	I	Do need you help with anything ?
va	I	It is imperative we that sort it out , but it would be awful if a rumor got started .
va	I	This wasn 't something that might only last a few days or weeks before people caught on the that wrong girl was at the Preserve .
te	I	Chapter Six Maddie 's out coming party was everything she 'd ever wanted and more .
tr	I	They fell down unrestrained her face .
tr	I	As he talked , he could see they were considering already how the situation might impact their departments and responsibilities .
tr	I	How far would I him let go ?
tr	I	He her released so fast that Simone almost fell .
tr	I	She was kind so .
tr	I	Before , Dragon and I had only battled few a dozen .
tr	I	Turning his head , he saw Amanda coming through the doorway , in dressed sweats .
va	I	Blade left his post guard and scooped me up in a warm embrace .
tr	I	Every time we saw each other , 'd we know it 's only for a couple of days .
tr	I	She looked like wanted she to say more , but she didn 't .
tr	I	The hermit his bowed head .
te	I	He urged pulling her so hard she and stumbled fell to her knees .
tr	I	And I am not saying anything about which of these three is things the most essential .
tr	I	I could only deal with one crisis at time a .
tr	I	She stopped halfway there , looked for around some other vehicle , and then stared .
tr	I	Nick sat in a chair stuffed , munching a bag of potato chips , and Eric St. James sat on the couch , staring into space .
te	I	she announced me to , ringing with excitement .
tr	I	Jace 's moved eyes to them .
te	I	While Trisha was on break popped I the till open and thumbed through the credit card receipts until I found it .
tr	I	He his shook head as we flew through the sky .
va	I	That liked I pretty flowers and trick photography ?
tr	I	It happening was again , her mark , as she referred to it too , was illuminated .
tr	I	My heart fluttered wildly , from a so yearning deep , darts of fear shot through my veins .
tr	I	I don own 't them at all .
tr	I	The negative test was a good thing , and I was glad there were no loose ends Leith with .
tr	I	you scared of he what might do ?
tr	I	I knew the news was bad when she refused to eye make contact .
te	I	Kneeling , I his pulled present out from underneath the bed .
tr	I	They wanted me to join the battle , I but could not .
tr	I	There was an odor coming from somewhere ; a foul , rotting smell that his stung nostrils .
tr	I	He wore no neck cloth , nor a jacket , and boots his , though clean , didn 't shine as they normally did .
tr	I	Acknowledgements My love and heartfelt thanks go out to my family who supported me my and dream through the years as Project Genesis slowly materialized .
tr	I	Then he lowered his head and nuzzled palms her .
tr	I	Spencer had shrugged like she had absolutely no clue , then walked into the night , future her intact .
va	I	It took several seconds for to me notice the gentle scratching at my knee .
tr	I	It was a regular mobile database to sitting hand on the dashboard of his car .
tr	I	The bodies , still held soldiers by , were allowed to spurt their last lifeblood into the fountain basins .
va	I	These walls were covered with iron works into dating the nineteenth century .
tr	I	An hour later , I behind stood the counter at Cheesy Dog , lamenting my manicure .
tr	I	I put my hand his on cheek and urged his face toward mine .
tr	I	he after said several seconds .
tr	I	She gasped when she saw the heat in his eyes , the that desire was zapping across the air towards her just from her tentative touch .
tr	I	The presumption Sir had John !
tr	I	I look over Mason at to make sure he 's okay with this plan .
tr	I	Downstairs , he walked out his to truck and removed a fifth of whiskey from under the seat .
tr	I	The butler 's joints creaked as he served the first course to countess the .
tr	I	Hands that she held so small , fifteen ago years .
tr	I	I got a before shower making breakfast for everyone , and then dressed quickly .
tr	I	Her father had lost ability the to speak , but she knew he could understand those who talked to him .
va	I	He shook off the panicked feeling as he walked through the black metal gate and to up the solid wood blue front door .
tr	I	He realized then that he wasn 't in danger of falling in with love her - he 'd fallen long ago .
tr	I	Sorry I missed you this morning - I went to the hospital for a little while , and 't didn want to wake you .
tr	I	But he didn 't that want either , he realized .
tr	I	Do know you how long it 's been since someone made me happy ?
tr	I	Perhaps young the woman should .
tr	I	M his folds arms over his chest .
tr	I	He arched eyebrow an .
tr	I	An investment who banker was also a socialite ; he 'd met her at an art exhibition .
tr	I	Her sinuses stung and she had to swallow to more keep tears from falling .
tr	I	It too 's physically oriented .
va	I	It means that we 've exhausted every possible we way have of making a case against him .
tr	I	Alex then turned her attention to her phone but paused as she realized she 't didn know the number .
tr	I	She would not doubt freedom if was the most precious commodity in his life .
tr	I	The Raven gave a sound disgusted .
te	I	The tension went out of voice his .
tr	I	She rose , stabbing her into trowel the new little plot .
tr	I	But it was his piercing blue that eyes most people remembered about him .
tr	I	My heart a skipped beat .
tr	I	Before he left that evening I tried to express what a nice break he given had me .
tr	I	I rubbed the back of my neck trying to distribute the blood but she wasn fooled 't .
tr	I	Hal knew without knowing how that one that was a wizard .
va	I	Just throw her skirt in sand the and run like hell .
tr	I	Whatever it took , he would keep the gold reaching from Texas .
tr	I	Man would have one job and that was to cultivate to or till a place that God called the Garden of Eden .
te	I	I sent in resume my and Marlene called me for an interview .
tr	I	The paper clip ring gleams on finger his .
tr	I	I pulled the plug , and the let dirty water drain from the sink .
tr	I	I don 't think too much happened class in that afternoon , but I really couldn 't swear to it .
te	I	At the time did Osh not know the depth of those two words but they would come to mean the difference between life and death .
tr	I	He glanced around , looking probably for Bob .
tr	I	I 'd been just curious .
tr	I	Yet even if I pleaded for on clemency behalf of the conquered kingdoms , he wouldn 't listen .
tr	I	In all the time Sam and I have been together , I 've seen in him just about every possible emotional state a person can go through .
tr	I	Finally , I reached palace the .
tr	I	When Jim pulled her fingers lose from the bed cloth and wrapped them around his hand , she felt the of release the tension almost immediately .
tr	I	He didn answer 't .
tr	I	But she not was alone .
tr	I	But I an 'm adult now .
tr	I	If aimed she it just right , say , inside his brain , and then ignited it ... or perhaps that would be aiming it wrong .
tr	I	I suppose the public do need to this know stuff , ' he conceded .
tr	I	Beautiful is the not right word for what she is when she smiles .
tr	I	His was voice shaking .
tr	I	Izzy up sat straight and lowered her arm .
tr	I	Picking up her clutch , she tucked it beneath her left arm and shook slowly her head .
tr	I	The arousal she sensed in made him her forget everyone else .
tr	I	The prison psychiatrist encouraged Lauren to talk to Beth about the and familiar about Lauren 's life .
tr	I	I at looked Daddy for approval .
tr	I	But then you could not ' stop trying ' in the right way and the for right reason until you had tried your very hardest .
tr	I	Her was brain in a fuzz .
tr	I	You 're the one who got dragged because in of me and him !
tr	I	Who used walk to these streets ?
tr	I	He 'd been hearing how important it was that Katie Derby didn 't make it to Rome ever he since 'd been hired two weeks ago .
tr	I	My voice , just above whisper a .
tr	I	I took a manila envelope Diggs from ' hands .
tr	I	Three Dim Sum Da platters .
tr	I	And for the same reason , I didn 't show Durrant the photos mention or the possibility that it could be the murderer .
tr	I	I still had plenty of time before I had to be home , I so decided to explore the rest of the building .
tr	I	It was his entirely own idea .
tr	I	Matthew fell forward and toppled her onto as his back was sliced open from shoulder to mid spine .
tr	I	Anyway here we all were , so told I him .
tr	I	I slowly made my way around the dark room , surveying the carnage 've I created .
tr	I	The stench the filling air warned him that they were still dangerously near the docks , but thankfully there was no scent of the Jinn .
tr	I	Black Cross , I realized , seeing the weaponry mounted on walls the .
tr	I	' Clouds sound dangerous bloody to me , ' said the Dean .
tr	I	He was the only son of a billionaire banker and worked at his father hedge 's fund .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	I	He thought 'd to take the Grand Master position and change the landscape for werewolves throughout the world .
va	I	The flame caught and the priestess cried out , off yanking her cloak .
tr	I	Rather ruefully he patted the special that license was safely tucked beneath his jacket .
tr	I	She wiped tears the from his face with her skirt and nudged him toward the gate .
tr	I	A lopsided grin her overtook .
tr	I	I fought them off of him , but it was late too .
tr	I	Katie brought me back to reality with a quick shove my to back , knocking me forward , face down , into the snow .
va	I	I he knew wouldn 't leave me in danger unless ... he was too hurt to help me .
tr	I	His hung arm from his body , barely attached , and his face was completely destroyed .
va	I	He groped wildly but missed framework as slid he down the nearly vertical wooden walkway .
tr	I	Anything of was worth gone .
va	I	One of those that being he wasn 't interested in me , but there 's no point in telling you that .
tr	I	' Walked in ... . '
tr	I	Remember the girl little ?
tr	I	She shuffled through she until found her car keys .
tr	I	Emergency lights overhead flashed .
tr	I	The press and stink the of population .
tr	I	I don 't waste second a .
va	I	My ankle was not nearly painful so as it had been .
va	I	A beam of light flashed into the basement , falling on the where spot she had been standing only seconds before .
te	I	A of scroll some sort , with burned edges like a pirate 's treasure map .
va	I	Her eyes traveled to the written words in the upper left corner .
te	I	They were conducting sneak a attack on the dam either to take it or possibly even destroy it .
tr	I	Why wasn 't Dorian crying over corpse her ?
tr	I	He leaned into her sphere touched and his mouth to hers .
tr	I	My voice thunders and Aiden quickly flings his hand over mouth my .
va	I	I let out long a sigh .
tr	I	Vicious little jabbed pincers through the plastic , searching eagerly for prey .
va	I	I towards start the door .
tr	I	James remembered how when they got to the beach , it drizzling started but his family hopped out of the car anyway .
tr	I	She wanted her old back life .
va	I	Unfortunately , Christie didn 't any have alternative .
tr	I	The room began spin to .
tr	I	Parties , and friends in the city !
tr	I	Davy fairly 's squealing in frustration .
tr	I	I was not prepared for the rush I when felt his tongue entered me .
tr	I	Is mortgage the all paid off ?
tr	I	Even the have twins little crushes on him .
tr	I	She watched the brown flash back through the open glass door .
tr	I	She approached mother her and said , ' I see you 've been recognised .
tr	I	Heat exploded inside her as responded he .
tr	I	They 've had holed me up here .
te	I	She just to wanted get away , to be free .
tr	I	' Looking good , ' Des said into strolling makeup .
tr	I	Can imagine you it ?
tr	I	' We 're so not far away now .
te	I	His dark hair nestles in little curls towards base the of his neck .
va	I	I scrounged around until I found a dusty old stool for her in corner a .
tr	I	There was no extra fat on this specimen , only toned but shapely that muscles only accentuated her natural curves .
tr	I	Edward 't didn live in just one house .
tr	I	We all went back to the dressing room before heading out the to bus .
tr	I	She has lovely dark eyes , though she is a not great beauty -- at least to anyone who first meets her .
tr	I	Andrea 's cure wasn 't working until I took it away from her and you dosed myself .
tr	I	She released him , feeling bereft , shrugged and .
tr	I	I don 't even have time to before blink I 'm thrown against the wall .
tr	I	So , this Soleil was wi better -- enchantress than the first one .
tr	I	She was present my .
tr	I	I stayed in the kitchen a minute longer , trying to control the on smile my face .
tr	I	Cale walked outside from the club talking , to and Louis Adam with Kallie right on their heels .
te	I	You can 't tell I her told you .
tr	I	Nothing like being direct , thought Lydia .
va	I	They seemed think to not .
tr	I	Maybe she A took by surprise .
tr	I	But so have I. I feel her eyes on me as shovel I in hunks of meat and potato like a man starved .
tr	I	Bree nodded her head , by reassured the tone of his voice .
tr	I	Alexia would none have of it .
tr	I	He raised one hand traced and the cowl neckline of her black dress .
va	I	Growing up in he Langley attended Langley Meadows Elementary School where he discovered his love for writing .
tr	I	Maybe we can have Beth drop us right at the front door so we 't won have to walk as far .
tr	I	That is how I shall start ... this Darn day very much .
tr	I	She wondered what he 'd been before like the loss , the bitterness , the life-altering decisions .
tr	I	Who would venture into the Wastes , at even high summer ?
va	I	A twig cracked him behind .
tr	I	He looked at his watch seven - thirty .
tr	I	He opened never his eyes .
tr	I	What the happened hell to him ?
tr	I	You love must working here .
te	I	There are still some trucks on the street , so didn they 't all run off .
va	I	They wanted to teach everything her .
tr	I	Someone else just had come in .
te	I	And there hadn 't been a damn thing he do could .
tr	I	I asked with chuckle a .
te	I	Unfortunately , such simple a solution was bound to create far more difficulties than it would solve .
tr	I	I my rolled eyes .
tr	I	He for grabbed her , but was still too far away to save her from falling right into the fence .
tr	I	A light mist hovered the in air at the top .
tr	I	I had no of inkling whether what was going to happen would be good or bad ; just simply that something was going to happen .
tr	I	' There isn 't a way things be should .
tr	I	Black Marks ink twined his slim arms .
tr	I	Caitlin could not move , and the force of his was hand hurting her .
te	I	I mean , it even sounds them like .
te	I	My face heated , Kenzie but didn 't seem to notice .
va	I	We 're going be to the laughing stocks of the whole country .
tr	I	I tried to sound nice as as possible because this girl clearly did not like me .
tr	I	Logan jerked hand his away from the staff .
tr	I	Expression flat , Fate the glanced at me .
tr	I	He toward walked me then hooked one finger behind the ancient tapestry and peeked behind it .
va	I	Before she could someone respond bumped into her from behind and she found herself pushed into Mr. Trent .
tr	I	She whipped her head around and looked me at with evil in her eyes .
tr	I	I do have a few still charms up my sleeve .
tr	I	The gunslinger felt the on lie his lips .
tr	I	For the rest of that day , and the following , I watched as a ghost Martin while blindly attacked .
tr	I	Tongues from fanned its gaping , bladed mouth .
tr	I	She just wanted to curl up with him on a sofa , drink a of glass wine and fall asleep on his shoulder .
va	I	Mad Dog eyed steadily her .
tr	I	What could have the caused tracking sensors to come back on-line ?
tr	I	She was thin - thinner than when he 'd met her that night July - and so pale he wondered about her health .
te	I	But , to her confusion , Ryder having was none of it .
te	I	There were Mystery Village evenings and live theater and Great the Pumpkin Festival .
tr	I	It feels weird to hear I family had .
tr	I	She didn 't to need write it down .
tr	I	I couldn 't sit through this without class him here .
tr	I	Julius fell backwards to ground the .
tr	I	Creed hesitated on Neenah 's porch , his fist to raised pound on her door .
tr	I	Star shook a crushed bug mech from her hair .
te	I	The sword of my grandfather is not so easily aside put .
tr	I	They ordered grilled fish sandwiches dinner for .
tr	I	Christina turns her arm over and slaps the inside of her elbow until vein a stands at attention .
tr	I	Alanna soon set aside the cloak and pushed her up long sleeves .
te	I	A shiver up runs my spine and pools between my legs in a delicious ache .
va	I	Her instincts told Gregori her was powerful .
tr	I	A perverse streak rose up me in .
te	I	At last she reached the top and turned survey to the view .
tr	I	It have should been a mess , but he looked gorgeous , like he was in the world of the reception but not of it .
tr	I	I can 't find the carpenter always who did our work .
tr	I	Any disappointment soon gave way as the 's song nature appealed to most who 'd gathered in close .
tr	I	One hundred and dollars twenty .
tr	I	But how would long they last before the siege ?
tr	I	Whatever the did cook mean ?
tr	I	The guy on the screen was happier that 'd I ever seen him .
tr	I	Simon fell asleep thinking on how he would tell his mum that he failed had .
tr	I	Her eyes glistened as she watched me , small a smile on her lips .
tr	I	His hands creeped toward my chest , the cool tips of his fingers sending across goosebumps my skin .
tr	I	Twenty-two stopped and the human fell backward , panicked gasps escaping mouth his .
tr	I	My smile faded quickly when Elaina seized finally her opportunity to approach me , her arms crossed in front of her .
tr	I	The bedchamber opens a onto small receiving room , and even though I sense no hearts beating in there , I pause .
va	I	And 're you right .
te	I	I can handle 't it anymore .
tr	I	Avril came up with Pepper and the jumped puppy in my lap and licked me all over .
tr	I	The God Dragon said nothing , merely stared .
tr	I	The was letter brief .
te	I	He up stands , stretches his arms up over his head .
tr	I	How pathetic that was ?
te	I	Frank starting 's college there next week .
tr	I	There wasn 't any sign the of pickpocket , and no clues pertaining to the missing persons .
te	I	Am I product a of rape ?
tr	I	he says with a genuinely curious look on face his .
tr	I	I jogged a little until I it reached .
tr	I	He track would its progress .
tr	I	LOG ENTRY : SOL Finally 484 !
tr	I	If wasn I 't sweating before , I definitely am now .
tr	I	I 've been a widow as for long as I care to remember .
tr	I	The low slung black wall was gently lit in the night and there were and flowers candles resting along the wall .
te	I	The of memory that was crystal clear .
tr	I	Coming to a halt , the vampire a offered small dip of his head .
tr	I	In fact , Marcia had never seen such mess a before in her entire life .
tr	I	Wherever was it coming from .
tr	I	The list dates of .
tr	I	My dad won 't tell anyone where the money is , so has mom to pay it back .
va	I	If didn she 't know better , she 'd swear he was an android .
tr	I	Every time they talk about you , they 'll make a remark snide about her .
tr	I	A bat has to claw literally his way through the air .
tr	I	Someone who 'd probably be missed if didn he 't come to her funeral .
va	I	spluttered Ryan as an intoxicating mix of fragrances overwhelmed his sense smell of .
tr	I	Chris yelled into the receiver instantly and regretted it .
va	I	Weston made replies no .
te	I	Most of the men she dated pushed and pressured her as much as possible , trying to control her some in way .
tr	I	Cale wasn 't walking away like all the other had men after that look .
te	I	Just then mother my dropped a baking pan with a clang like the jail cell door closing .
tr	I	I do believe you , but I don still 't understand .
tr	I	Leaving her bedroom , she her grabbed coat from a peg by the kitchen door and hurried to the front room .
tr	I	He looked at me and smiled , ignoring the mixed company , and sent blood rushing to cheeks my .
tr	I	Mark our announced departure over the airport frequency in his usual lilting tone , laughing at the end .
tr	I	It was than more a strong physical attraction .
tr	I	They walked across the street , hand in hand , and enjoyed going around the Colosseum for an almost hour .
te	I	It be would so easy to share every viewpoint Oakes put forward .
tr	I	The venom deadly of the wax spiders would finish them .
tr	I	Riley had nothing said .
tr	I	Eleanor tapped the end his of nose .
te	I	That made Ryo feel better , knowing his that family , what was left of it , was close by .
te	I	Ari asked breathlessly , the words barely making it her past throat .
tr	I	His heart heavy , he rolled carefully over so as not to hurt her .
te	I	I 've always known that loved Dad me more .
tr	I	The resort had a full-time on doctor staff as part of the resort package .
tr	I	Megan had come an to abrupt stop , unable to believe what she had just seen .
tr	I	While Brad spoke several of those , Leo 't didn understand many of the words that came out in a slow , lazy drawl .
tr	I	All she saw was his back but she also that saw his hair was dark , thick and overlong .
tr	I	What will we be considered at office your ?
va	I	Alan pointed his AR-15 into side the room .
tr	I	He emptied it in about swallows four .
tr	I	Saber falling was in love with him , she just didn 't know it .
te	I	I didn 't anything say since I was afraid to say the wrong thing .
tr	I	' I 'll see you Santa in Barbara before you know it . ' '
tr	I	Mike back walked into the den and sighed in frustration .
va	I	Presently it grew altogether dark : the itself air seemed black and heavy to breathe .
tr	I	She was even more beautiful he than 'd imagined .
tr	I	Ken smiled and extended his to hand congratulate me .
tr	I	He 'll be worn-out when gets he home .
tr	I	It was tempting to in go search of Michael , to tell him what I 'd just heard .
tr	I	There was no sound cars of to disturb a person 's weary thoughts .
tr	I	So , it meant that my baby was girl negative too .
tr	I	Praetor Scott was waiting for them in the library , still in the swivel same chair , a small bronze box on the desk between them .
tr	I	But Shana was ready for change a , in more ways than one .
tr	I	I didn 't how know to answer him .
tr	I	No sign of Goon 2 , who should have reached room my by that time .
tr	I	It the was closest thing to a solid .
tr	I	Gavin 's expression darkened , his eyes blue clouding to a furious gray .
te	I	Just me call Joann .
te	I	I 't didn respond .
tr	I	Only she or Felix could have so rallied many Hunters in such a short time . '
tr	I	It wasn a 't painting after all ; it was a mirror , reflecting the dingy , gloomy room .
tr	I	That was accident an .
tr	I	He stalked forward , and I had to force myself not to away move .
tr	I	That would explain his earlier about comment me being too young to run this sort of establishment .
tr	I	For so long she didn 't know if Lily was a figment of her imagination or she if were real .
te	I	She pulled off sneakers her and hid them in a large plant pot near the entrance door .
tr	I	I can believe 't I liked Brian .
tr	I	Kay shoulders 's slumped .
tr	I	Mary Ann reached out and , to Destiny 's horror , hugged her briefly walking before determinedly away .
tr	I	Then I look at Cash and he looks the as same his brother .
tr	I	Bennett was holding my gaze as solid steel , but I finally managed to break away .
tr	I	Tammy broke away and looked down him at .
tr	I	For Tristan , the moment I 'd spoken up I 'd become the embodiment of everything he that was rallying the others against .
tr	I	When fully opened the doors created what was essentially a large gaping hole in the front of their for house the length of the balcony .
tr	I	Cindy as laughed she looked up at him .
tr	I	It was Case 's badge , one the Scores had confiscated from him during the investigation .
va	I	I knew he could I tell was awake .
tr	I	Her trembled voice and a tear ran delicately to her cheek .
te	I	When you 're done , you can either hum the song to me or you use can your instrument to play the notes .
tr	I	The new guy had attacked at me that time ; we wrestled , punched , and tackled each other until he reached for his gun .
tr	I	The thick insinuation approval and in Rubi 's tone made Lexi fight to focus .
tr	I	The bubble air of pushes me forward , and I grab Pen .
tr	I	IIb yelped and bit his wrist , a childish trait that he always to resorted when he was nervous .
va	I	Her screams prove me right fuel and my chant .
tr	I	It 's a wonder any of his children had remained speaking on terms with him .
tr	I	Again she turned to expecting see the angry shadow with red eyes and hints of war paint and tribal mask reaching for her .
tr	I	I and halted looked up in every direction .
tr	I	But 's it hopeless .
tr	I	And that is the very core of the connection between the mystic the and sword .
tr	I	He faced them , holding up the handout like magic a talisman .
tr	I	Big fight over creative control and which to projects do next .
tr	I	Then , moving to the various openings that led to tunnels , scattered she the tiny pieces of the amulet before heading down the nearest passageway .
tr	I	He obviously hadn been 't expecting company .
va	I	The best is defense a good offense .
va	I	He looked ready to away bolt .
tr	I	Well whatever I was doing , I hoped I could keep it up for while a .
tr	I	Echo could feel Shimmer 's hooves jarring against ground frozen .
tr	I	He turned and noticed that the kids knew the song its and words by heart .
tr	I	I wish I could just accept what he without did always being so damned suspicious of it .
tr	I	She 'd never see man that again .
tr	I	In studying the books of a time that once was , I 've how realized important it is to record history .
tr	I	The other two guards stepped back warily but still their kept rifles trained on Colton and the others .
te	I	A knock timid came at their box .
tr	I	Sam asked her about her day and she shared her concerns with about him some of the charities that popped up .
va	I	Again the only answer was his returning voice from the emptiness .
tr	I	Help from came an unexpected source as a diner at the booth behind us spoke up .
tr	I	With that I gone was .
va	I	She told herself remain to firm .
tr	I	After her Reed grandfather died .
tr	I	You cannot us release .
te	I	The indecision her in eyes was tangible .
tr	I	The and chatter bursts of laughter around them suddenly seemed louder .
te	I	Twisting his head and harder pushing into my mouth , he let his fingers and thumbs drag distractingly over my neck and chest .
tr	I	She wanted marriage a of convenience .
tr	I	A corner his of mouth lifts .
tr	I	The dark customer disapprovingly looked around the shop .
tr	I	He lifted rifle his in the air and tossed it aside .
va	I	It strange was , like there was something lurking beneath his calm surface .
tr	I	Even in this world , the sharks ' instinct blood for proved to be too much , and their focus shifted from Terry to their fallen comrade .
tr	I	Especially when 're you not tough yourself .
va	I	Jeremy his shook head .
tr	I	He squeezed his eyes shut and 't didn respond .
tr	I	It wasn long 't before Jim arrived .
tr	I	Elliot realized that intended she to pacify him in private , Amy was his responsibility , and to hell with all the diamonds and international intrigue .
te	I	A of pair young men .
tr	I	A few days ago , she came looking a for job because she wanted to live .
tr	I	On the road , I missed bread , while and this wasn 't fresh , the melted butter made up for the rest .
tr	I	A deep score marked the earth where 'd we kept going until grinding to a halt .
tr	I	I took off my clothes and hung them over one of the next chairs to the table .
va	I	How many steps was ahead he thinking ?
te	I	She had never been able to heal again after used she her power to destroy .
tr	I	He glared just at him heatedly .
tr	I	For some reason , Sibyl this believed .
te	I	She reluctantly stands , some piles bacon and pancakes onto a plate , then sits down next to me .
tr	I	I was just coming back from his funeral and with visiting his family when Grady called me .
tr	I	Betty 's voice was tired sad and .
tr	I	That was where she met 'd her fiancé , Matt .
tr	I	Glad wore I the boots .
te	I	Actually , though , Nell still had the power to haunt dreams my .
tr	I	They could not walk away from it , no matter how far went they .
tr	I	My body was beginning to tingle from lack the of oxygen .
tr	I	I clutch onto Luke 's hand so I tightly 'm sure it hurts .
tr	I	He matched step her , moving easily alongside her as if they had been together for years .
tr	I	Throwing his arm my off shoulder , I wrinkle my nose at him and stalk over to a suddenly vacant bench to sit down .
tr	I	Letters been had burned into wood .
tr	I	We seem to understand other each .
tr	I	He couldn get 't his mind around the last hour .
tr	I	I think it was because was this different .
tr	I	Trace was shaking Ashe as came he back to the present .
tr	I	A couple in weeks , it hit him .
tr	I	It was purpose on .
tr	I	I sighed again , continued and home .
tr	I	He also knew Ashe 's father would never consent conscription to .
tr	I	asked an incredulous Miller when the visit first was suggested .
tr	I	My heart beat rapidly at his disappointment obvious .
tr	I	Was being pregnant making me to slow think , or was I still in shock ?
va	I	But the black figure was closing in with long , outstretched hands and a confidence that could only heighten own their fear .
tr	I	It a was fear .
tr	I	I he think spends more time on his hair than I do .
tr	I	Ash paused and looked as if he was to trying pull together the right words to express what he wanted to say next .
tr	I	' You can help us get right it . '
tr	I	What is there think to about ?
tr	I	It was just out of my line of vision so my eyes didn 't hurt the from bright illumination .
tr	I	Birds chirped and from flew the trees happily .
tr	I	It was one like of those home makeover shows , only it was happening in our apartment .
tr	I	Of course , monsters make up a deal good of my business .
tr	I	The crowd , consisting mainly of unionized government workers EBT and people , would have roared its approval if she had read the phone book .
tr	I	I was too fascinated with the Planet of Riches to care about any of the other planets she was about talking .
tr	I	We want to stamp it out , so we 'll need an iron-clad case to before take the Prince Regent . '
va	I	I 'll talk to him a for little while .
tr	I	Toys , books , other and learning tools such as computers are also accepted .
tr	I	She tilted her head up , kissing him the on cheek .
tr	I	My snapped wolf her jaws .
tr	I	Green and yellow images danced across her field of vision ; prisoners behind eyelids her .
tr	I	Without a word , we stopped look to in a storefront window .
tr	I	Less that complicated way .
tr	I	She even smiled at Mirabelle as she floated away , as if she understood why 'd she done it .
tr	I	Mr. coolly Ryder adjusted his black tie and followed Clay out into the hallway , disappearing around the corner without shutting the door .
va	I	She didn 't want her around daughter Johnny .
tr	I	One was the giant in the blue T-shirt whom I noticed 'd hitting on her earlier .
tr	I	It was only one kiss , but lasted it for quite some time .
tr	I	The ground beneath me is slightly damp , as it always is in the mornings ; the ground exhales dew , off shakes the nighttime freeze .
va	I	Ignoring three she focused on one as her mind rewound the estimating image how the young man might have looked a decade earlier .
tr	I	He explained the layout of the building and Mitch introduced to various secretaries and paralegals as they walked .
tr	I	We just wanted to make sure you had fun and you were safe and okay and , oh gosh , I should 've called just .
tr	I	The was room too small .
va	I	He looked back at the chart and made a with line his finger .
tr	I	Clearly he hadn been 't sleeping well , but I 'd been too self-absorbed to notice .
tr	I	He pulled back onto road the continued driving .
tr	I	I nodded , rubbing my back as Aiden forward leaned to kiss my neck .
va	I	What they me taught down below .
te	I	After opening the glass door , Ash stepped back gestured and at Chase .
tr	I	They walked slowly and took time their so that they could enjoy the surroundings .
tr	I	Everything inside of her turned ice to .
te	I	It glowed brightly the as rock shifted , creating an opening .
tr	I	She 't couldn bear for anyone to come with her to the one place she 'd been her happiest .
tr	I	His lips brushed against the skin of her breast his before tongue softly caressed her nipple .
tr	I	Fade savage was in his determination , his movements so graceful they looked like dancing .
tr	I	That 's why stopped I by .
tr	I	All she could do wait was , and watch over him with increasing fierceness .
va	I	She made a tiny noise of surprise she before relaxed into me with a sigh .
va	I	His voice faltered and swallowed he .
tr	I	It causes double work the .
tr	I	Someone been had here , and whoever that someone was , they had access to the house and an obvious axe to grind .
tr	I	How could she even begin to understand how excited I was to wear my skinny pants Jules -- , who was always glamorous and gorgeous and fit ?
tr	I	Only fool a would stop someone from doing this .
tr	I	he whined as she dragged him out the and door to the car .
tr	I	Why 't don you hang out with your friends ?
tr	I	As was Finn amply demonstrating .
va	I	The Lycans broke formation , abandoning whatever plans they had kill to Zev 's force .
va	I	Thank the good lord couldn she 't see him .
tr	I	I opened door the wide and they both looked inside , trying to find who had opened the door .
tr	I	Jane 's face burned shame with .
tr	I	I exhale , blinking my eyelashes open and then closed from the heated air bug and bites .
tr	I	The big problem was ... she didn want 't to lose her family .
tr	I	' Just remember who it is you 're to talking . '
tr	I	I squeezed a worm seemed that out of place .
va	I	We have employees 3,000 .
tr	I	My fingers , for reason some , were shaking .
tr	I	He refused to release her hand and dread filled with him a dark coldness .
te	I	he saluted effusively I as was announced .
tr	I	' And are so you . '
tr	I	It all came down to reading writing and , everywhere he turned .
tr	I	He was to talking himself , twisting and turning in bed -- everything short of spinning his head around and vomiting pea soup .
tr	I	Eve heard the paper exchange bag hands .
tr	I	She my was Angelica .
va	I	Yet , she saw permission his in expression .
te	I	It was -- Elizabeth come , she said , to summon us both to breakfast .
tr	I	Then he sat back beside down her again and turned to look at her .
tr	I	Where did they all come so from suddenly ?
te	I	You can 't him kill .
tr	I	Briggs 't didn rise to the bait .
te	I	Julie someone wanted to save her .
tr	I	Her pride felt had a terrible knife-edge .
tr	I	My eyes still streamed , but were they different tears now .
te	I	Other Brick saw it as only the way he could help .
va	I	When I returned with them moments later , Henry 's mouth was wide open and he was transfixed on 3-D the .
tr	I	It was the summer freshman before year and it was going great for them all .
va	I	The bathroom inside Winkler 's suite should have been fine just .
tr	I	A young in girl Taiwan has it .
tr	I	She gasped a second later , when his strong hands skimmed around to the front of her and slipped beneath the loose of cotton her T-shirt .
tr	I	She 's alone in car the .
tr	I	It was yet simple effective - the very best sort .
tr	I	Then he turned and sprinted into the house where he found his mom just getting off the phone with another desperate for cry help .
tr	I	The quick shuffle , however , lost him his footing , and soon he spat sand from where he lay .
va	I	She was and elegant beautiful .
tr	I	Then , when she opened her mouth to say something else , he moved forward pulled and her into him .
tr	I	Nathan at looked his watch .
tr	I	The third starts verse and I look between Cade and Jeremy , wondering who is up next .
tr	I	The screeched limo to a halt .
tr	I	He smiled winked and at her .
va	I	All I could do was hope they had escaped somehow or I had them missed by chance .
tr	I	Your scent is everywhere and 's it like a sick maze of tunnels .
tr	I	There too was much to think about right now .
tr	I	He had been told that his quarry was here , sure and enough he found him .
tr	I	CHAPTER TEN Linda led the group into the formal dining room that held a massive cherry wood dining table had and twelve chairs around it .
tr	I	This time , I am determined to please him , his and kindness will be able to coax something useful out of me .
tr	I	I guess was I supposed to inquire more .
tr	I	He glanced at his parent 's grave as a tinge sadness of invaded his heart .
tr	I	He thought would he test the skills of the baron 's servants before actually implementing his plan .
tr	I	In the meantime , he went sightseeing , at times accompanied followers by .
tr	I	The look on Callie face 's told him she knew exactly who Sara was .
te	I	He would never forgive who did horrendous that thing .
va	I	' You were both dead five for days .
tr	I	Most never witches ascended to those heights .
va	I	They were wealthy liked and to spend that wealth .
va	I	His back straightened , and he lifted head his .
tr	I	Looking through my nothing email really jumped out as needing my immediate attention .
tr	I	He stood still , heart hard beating against his ribs -- and in a distracted clinical way briefly wondered at its rate .
tr	I	Social chair duties , figured I .
tr	I	If there was ever any wonder I why made a horrible spy , I 'd just proven the point .
tr	I	He could the disarm men .
tr	I	But because he 'll know now that I not hope only to race but to make money at it .
te	I	Frank struggled his against bonds , face reddening as he tried to wrench his arms free .
tr	I	I wished wouldn Diego 't taunt Raoul .
tr	I	Her whole body began to tremble the at thought of it all .
tr	I	I knew I needed to work on being engaged in the present without overwhelmed becoming .
tr	I	She knew where they were headed before long they reached the carved double wooden doors .
tr	I	I awfully was depressed and angry .
tr	I	Jessica glanced Rex at .
tr	I	A healer -- oh , but for not me .
tr	I	Hell , even the behind mini-fridge Ed 's desk could produce a radio signal when it kicks on .
tr	I	That was stupid a question .
tr	I	Hearing things could be tough 't didn bother them one bit .
tr	I	It took her like that , watching my hands fondling her as I took her slowly , standing up and braced against bathroom the sink .
tr	I	She stared at over Tarek , expecting the same from him .
tr	I	He grabbed a cold bottle of beer and took a swallow long .
te	I	Clearly there something was wrong .
tr	I	Fortunately life with Josh as part of community the eventually achieved a sort of precarious equilibrium .
tr	I	The way she dressed was the polar opposite of how I dressed and the way she acted was different me than too .
tr	I	It must have cost him everything get to that suit .
tr	I	They giggled and then groaned as he to turned leave the park .
tr	I	With a surge of relief Simone noted the elderly woman was who waving at her in an imperious manner .
tr	I	A tear leaked of out the corner of her eye and his heart jolted .
tr	I	Simon his flashed white teeth in a wide smile , giving me a quick glimpse of the Fitzgibbon dimples .
te	I	It was filled with and ideas waffle under every heading .
tr	I	The great victory over Bergamo had to yet wear off , and Sam , as usual , was expecting a disaster against the Dolphins of Ancona .
tr	I	Not that she had expected to see him any in of her classes .
va	I	he gestured to a pair at rear the .
tr	I	I away walked from you alive once before thirty years ago .
tr	I	The waitress shrugs , takes the tip and the leaves pot of coffee on the table .
tr	I	She needed to be in hospital the .
tr	I	His hair was slicked back from his face and rotten spots speckled his front teeth like pinpoint bruises in peach a .
tr	I	I it know 's not your fault .
tr	I	The more I thought about that , the more I began to get in pissy a mood .
tr	I	He put down his coffee spread and his hands .
tr	I	In this case , Ron thought it best to simply hang back and tail her .
tr	I	Ainsley shook head her .
tr	I	I nodded really without listening .
tr	I	Caleb 's squad would go inside the factory right after the 3rd platoon and the would rest follow .
tr	I	That might be although Zero it did not seem right .
tr	I	Devon pulled out the little piece of paper that showed her permanent restraining order Reid against .
te	I	She knew Holiday and the doctor watched , but for once , she didn care 't .
va	I	25 of 32 The lady hand 's does not fall .
tr	I	It subsiding 's now , so I should be able to get some more accurate numbers before too much longer . '
tr	I	Bought new ones , too , because it 's been so long the ones I have might have reverted their to original element forms .
tr	I	I thought , you know , that if we passed each other on the street we could ... polite be .
tr	I	I was even okay with David here being .
tr	I	No , the War 1812 of was not fought against France , but rather Great Britain .
tr	I	It wasn simply 't possible , but somehow I managed to hear a voice emanating through the water .
va	I	I not did bother to dial the house again .
tr	I	He looked Antonio at .
tr	I	And that 's what he did : he turned and one took step , then another .
tr	I	It is true what they say about men thinking sex of every few seconds .
tr	I	I was floating with a million colors around dancing me .
te	I	What Rock does have to hide ?
va	I	Glass was eighteen and in his freshman year UA at Montrose .
tr	I	I at nodded him .
tr	I	Dare rolled eyes his .
tr	I	My friends stepped through the gate without even glancing around , I but stopped and peered up .
tr	I	He had one hand on her pinning chest her down , while his knee was propped between her legs .
tr	I	Borland gave a respectful and nod moved away to clean some dirty glasses .
tr	I	I was long overdue for a phone call with my best friend , who wasted no time telling in me that she was right .
tr	I	Our conversation was pleasant light and .
te	I	Also , I think Mom and Dad have some bonds in my name at their bank , but I don know 't how much they 're worth .
tr	I	For Jake and me , it had brought us closer but had added also this edge of possessiveness that I wasn 't expecting .
tr	I	She looked intensely relieved when she saw the assortment of food on Clare plate 's .
tr	I	She 'd never come that close violence to like that before .
va	I	The other two children screamed playing outside a chasing game .
tr	I	To have turned the car over driven or directly into the ditch would have been fatal .
tr	I	It was late too .
tr	I	That made feel Susannah like gagging .
tr	I	Treasures abound in places where you do not expect find to them , even where you expect to find misfortune .
tr	I	He a had solid track record for sensing danger , knowing when to panic , and when to take a nap .
tr	I	All her life , her mother had insisted that life full was of compensations .
tr	I	I looked down at clothes my and felt the joy drain from me .
va	I	The corner small stores and businesses were in tiny houses made of flesh-colored onyx with stripes of red , brown and white thrown haphazardly across their surfaces .
tr	I	The members the of board have not done with me ; but even without them , Edward was truly the start of my spiritual awareness .
tr	I	He missed his with train me .
va	I	But , when he placed his hand on top mine of , he brushed his thumb over my hand once , smearing the paint .
tr	I	That left me the empty barn they used as kitchen a .
tr	I	Chase 's voice was just as ragged as she felt , shredded by the potency fulfillment of after so long a denial .
tr	I	She was already in the 's driver seat , lowering the automatic windows to cool off the car .
tr	I	I keep walking , grab Trevor hand 's , and lead him away .
va	I	Now , wish I I had .
te	I	He waved at Adriana , who smiled little a too broadly in return , and got in his car .
te	I	On the other hand , though even I was feeling happier , I still felt cross that he had moved us .
va	I	That 's why she 's been tired a lot I and didn 't want her doing anything when we were in Vegas .
tr	I	I lifted my fingers look to at it .
te	I	' Dusty picked up the scrap of and paper looked at the address scrawled in a neat , feminine hand . '
tr	I	And you knew he 'd close been , at least kind of close .
tr	I	Don 't have you a worker you can send down here ?
tr	I	Why 't didn he try ?
tr	I	The footsteps below to started slowly ascend .
tr	I	Everything was blurry for a few moments while his adjusted eyes .
te	I	An arrow whizzed past my mug and another grazed my before hand one lodged into my shoulder .
tr	I	He leaned against a wall locker while a medic me checked over .
tr	I	The thing smartest to do was wait , wait until she came back , which I knew she would .
tr	I	Louisa his perused college transcripts .
tr	I	He had been absolutely certain she wouldn want 't attention drawn to her .
tr	I	Curious , I forward inched .
tr	I	Then just like that she was sucker punched he when dropped a brotherly kiss on her check .
te	I	Not for a second did I blame her for me cutting loose .
va	I	Startled , jerked he his hand away .
tr	I	Frankly I don 't know whole a lot about it since I 'm not a neurologist .
tr	I	Stefan no showed sign of there being a mistake .
tr	I	Or something that like . '
te	I	The darkness under the mountains was a mere smudge on the of face Light .
tr	I	I pulled myself my onto feet .
tr	I	' I over stopped at Lantern Hill not so long ago .
te	I	She knew how handle to a normal prisoner interrogation , but this wasn 't exactly a normal situation .
tr	I	Turning my back on them , I walked away from the table and party the .
tr	I	I can 't take any revelations more from that book today .
tr	I	Jane asked she if should make an appointment .
tr	I	Suddenly Charlie himself found more intrigued by the 110 folder than by Barrett possibly having been involved with Dalton .
tr	I	He was watching to see reaction her to that news , if it was news to her .
tr	I	The only structures visible were the schoolhouse where she had slept and sturdy two adobe houses a little way down the rounded path .
te	I	Nate struggling was to keep up and nearly didn 't see .
tr	I	Frowning , Moody sat in the quiet living room and tried connect to the dots on Jeff 's extreme reaction .
tr	I	Someone was singing the rhyme nursery again .
tr	I	The fact that he knew our names was not good a sign .
tr	I	I understood why he asked , but shook I my head regretfully .
tr	I	He turned his phone off then placed in it the same pocket as his keys .
tr	I	They liked their milk , cheese and eggs , too , so they had cows , chickens goats and .
tr	I	Octavia enters , that bizarre smile still programmed into muscles her .
tr	I	I supposed I was going to have to quiz the team on hostile and uniques make sure we kept that group under tabs .
tr	I	He rushed and over began heaving stones aside .
tr	I	The words are tumbling before out I can stop them .
tr	I	Her begin eyes to tear .
tr	I	Jesse felt dull a shock , and the rapid silent beat of her heart against her throat .
tr	I	He pitched booty his onto the nightstand , save one packet .
tr	I	It was like words the themselves were the key to open the gates to his pent up despair .
tr	I	I understand could it , completely .
tr	I	Justus moved , one deliberate boot step at a time , in the 's sound direction , raising his weapon and holding his breath .
tr	I	I if wondered it was broken .
va	I	Between his big , booted feet , saw she the head of the second demon roll across the pavement and bounce into a brick wall .
tr	I	Following my hint , delved he into the pockets .
tr	I	You 're a nice boy , but neatness isn 't one of strong your points .
tr	I	I just don 't want to surrounded be by all these strangers .
va	I	At the door back he stopped me .
tr	I	He sits up , bringing me him with as he captures my breast in his mouth and gently tugs on the other .
tr	I	The second guard was also hit at a relatively short range and down went .
tr	I	His strength was sapped and the coat of wolf the was red from the digging talons .
tr	I	She picked up a Ken Follett book titled Pillars the of Earth , reading the back and thumbing through it .
tr	I	Our strategy is to them persuade that our solution is the only logical option .
tr	I	The more violently she scratched , the more her skin tingled it like was getting hotter and hotter .
tr	I	David smiled and shook slowly his head .
tr	I	July 8th ( 15 Birthday ) yesterday .
tr	I	She felt like a child pointing a at finger a playmate .
tr	I	Over it time would reduce you to a vegetable .
tr	I	The wife was but happy less so when she saw a photograph of Mademoiselle .
va	I	The way she wore her hair was different from I what was used to seeing .
tr	I	' No , ' said Love .
tr	I	He ducks to give forehead my a chaste smack .
te	I	And that was just by fine her .
tr	I	Ava her rubbed hand up and down Liza 's back .
tr	I	He noticed my shock simply but shrugged as the class climbed the bleachers and clapped , patting him on the back .
te	I	Trying so hard to locate reality , laid I there , clutching to him , not wanting this moment to end .
tr	I	I made take myself a deep , calming breath and continued .
va	I	He hadn 't bothered taking it , but now he whether wondered perhaps he should have done .
tr	I	All the time the fire built and now could she hear his music , the wild , unrestrained notes dancing with flames inside him .
va	I	Crispin tossed the ball up to in the air and looked up at the adults with an audacious smile .
te	I	Then one night soon after Sasha dream 's , it happened .
tr	I	My light-hearted intentions of wanting to went talk out the window .
tr	I	The went helicopter and landed in a field .
tr	I	Reports out of eastern Canada exposed a similar rate casualty to the American Northeast .
tr	I	The ones at the top and almost out of reach ones and buried in deep .
va	I	Detective Andy Sergeant Melrose was someone whose nose Sam Gibson would be happy to follow .
tr	I	Chapter 78 The mountains bare were , rocky brown peaks .
tr	I	She said that she had a meeting with some new attorney across town within the hour she and thought it would be easier with me there .
tr	I	Lennox jumps a little and immediately takes a couple of steps back , as if just he found himself one step away from falling into a ravine .
tr	I	I could tell she irritated was with my response .
tr	I	Gaither was playing of one Mozart 's piano concertos .
te	I	I grin as I take in the sun that starting 's to come out from behind the clouds .
tr	I	They will be staying the night in the house they and have been given permission to arrive a bit earlier , if they wish .
tr	I	No longer the were boys safe .
te	I	There is place no where it begins .
te	I	Gwen said , when she couldn 't stand the any silence longer .
tr	I	He forever wanted with her too much to risk it .
tr	I	That would later come .
tr	I	Mort closed eyes his .
tr	I	Her eyes heavy felt .
tr	I	I been 've sick .
tr	I	Her father uncomfortable seemed around her .
tr	I	She gasped , momentarily forgetting about the gun and swinging around to him face .
tr	I	His was voice deep and smooth .
te	I	Now all remained that were a few , straggly wisps of cloud .
tr	I	That 's when a heavy length of chain lashed and out wrapped around me , yanking me backward .
te	I	I skimmed my hands his up perfect body , up to his neck and into that delicious hair .
tr	I	Melinda 's eyes had grown ; darker her face was as stormy as a tumultuous sea .
tr	I	And , just as they are about to engulf her , she suddenly feels as light a as feather , and bounds away in long effortless strides .
va	I	Into fray the I went .
tr	I	Poor presentation , graphs poor .
tr	I	The noise buzzing increased .
va	I	We have to use conceivable every scenario on this one .
tr	I	It was ours all !
te	I	She opened her mouth to say that something might defuse what was fast turning into an explosive situation .
tr	I	She had no idea where room this was .
va	I	A living torso , tied to a chair , a sight so hard to believe , a no sight one can forget .
tr	I	I pick up my cell phone the from center console .
te	I	We put on our suits and down went to the main area .
tr	I	How did I not put together this before ?
tr	I	The pair was marking off paces counted with a measuring stick , a aiding compass their plotting .
tr	I	He was wounded and he had a bandage on his elbow left .
tr	I	So nice to you see all .
va	I	She grabbed it swiftly but Thayer 's hands were to faster stop hers .
tr	I	She 'd made almost it when she felt Alec 's hand on her elbow .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but blush too , as I thought about his perfect features and the he way seemed amused at my discomfort .
tr	I	He landed hard his on back .
tr	I	I need you to be with honest me .
tr	I	Mary positively Jane howled with laughter .
tr	I	The knowledge that she so readily responded to his merest touch only the deepened scowl marring her brow .
tr	I	His eyes fell the to picture as he spoke .
tr	I	There 's this guy downstairs and refuses he to leave .
tr	I	Before Trevor , sex had a been logical progression , a next step in a relationship after a certain length of time .
tr	I	Billy 's no wasted time .
va	I	Strategically positioned in close proximity to the Red Sea , port this city served the global economy in a big way .
tr	I	But the didn guard 't seem to care .
tr	I	The food my overwhelmed senses .
tr	I	Notify the court immediately if you or anyone you know is in any way contacted with regard to your involvement this in trial .
tr	I	Waves of images flooded through her like a sea , until she felt like a doll hurtled through the cruel of roar the ocean .
tr	I	' It 's family the tradition .
tr	I	A single stern gaze her from quieted him down .
tr	I	Elizabeth cast a him doubtful look .
tr	I	Doris rolled her eyes and was about to shoo him from the room when Gherkin turned his attention back Jeremy to again .
tr	I	' You saying I no 'm good ? '
tr	I	I in asked one quick breath .
te	I	She became aware the of rapid pounding of her heart .
te	I	I felt helpless and didn 't even know where to sorting begin any of this out .
tr	I	She was pretty sure he could survive her without .
va	I	I was proud be to his son .
tr	I	His daughter was from dead drugs when she was fourteen .
tr	I	' Let 's out get of here . '
tr	I	Ted looked Marlon at , who visibly flinched .
tr	I	Maybe she really was strong ?
tr	I	I catch the reflection in Asa 's driver 's side - mirror and immediately freak .
tr	I	The man died before the came dome down .
tr	I	It 't wasn as if they were kids who 'd rushed into the relationship .
tr	I	Could find I the frequency on my own ?
tr	I	He couldn 't turn head his .
tr	I	I handed axe the back to him .
tr	I	He could 've stopped it if he 'd enough cared .
tr	I	He slides his arm back around me and leans closer whisper to in my ear .
tr	I	Slowly , she wriggled down it , conscious of Caleb 's gaze roaming her .
tr	I	Do we jump ship , make our way across France , and hope someone takes us back America to ?
tr	I	I 't won do anything stupid like that again .
tr	I	Lucas asked before he could himself stop .
va	I	As soon as Jack out was the door , Daniel turned to me .
tr	I	I snatch naps like a panther watching beside trail the for a deer to come by .
tr	I	Kylie asked with concern complete .
tr	I	You can 't stalk that in thing .
tr	I	The doors were all closed and locked shut with a hanging padlock next to the door pull .
tr	I	We have done so since before our records began and in time that the greatest virtue demanded of us has been patience .
tr	I	' You sure you don want 't a drink ? '
tr	I	He rubbed bristles the on his chin as if in deep contemplation .
tr	I	Dr Soames visibly bristled , but he still was a long way from losing control .
tr	I	Alexia ran to her , crouching down to wrap her in tight a embrace .
tr	I	He past moved her .
tr	I	You not 're calm .
tr	I	I replied instantly , watching Lainie as 's face began to grow pale .
tr	I	I did a quick turn the through house to make sure Doug hadn 't quietly returned .
tr	I	He remember 'd that I 'd shot her .
tr	I	Hiromi bared teeth her .
tr	I	A few were people lounging on deck chairs beside it .
tr	I	All of us happy were .
tr	I	He gave mocking a sneer .
tr	I	He took her hand and led her the into bedroom .
va	I	They saw the remains of a campfire someone had made some time ago , but no other evidence anyone of 's presence .
tr	I	I was so infuriated at not spotting the solution that sooner I wiped out an entire solar system in frustration .
tr	I	But it did show he cared her about .
tr	I	The door shut banged .
tr	I	Mia stood up and went into the room where she was supposed to sleep for the next of couple days .
va	I	I my hung head .
tr	I	He pushed the tip of the wand into the smoldering incense , and then held it up so smoke the could swathe it .
te	I	He rooted through a of pile papers on his desk .
tr	I	I flashed back to the times many I 'd waited for Jack after his games ended .
tr	I	Well ... I to have think about this for a minute .
tr	I	I as might well have had one .
tr	I	It was such an oddly thing wonderful .
tr	I	I 've never been Cambridge to .
tr	I	I to want see you bound .
te	I	It was as if their power mine complemented , fed it .
tr	I	The things they hid from me and how it ruined my with life Trick .
tr	I	She had made great friends and there she and Ty had even joined a local billiards league for a night out together .
tr	I	It has a wide collar lace , and the hem falls almost to my ankles .
tr	I	she asked , wishing she could just sink into that bed behind him sleep and for the next ten hours .
tr	I	Charlie declared and then blew a out stream of smoke .
tr	I	He must have , because Gunner was frowning him at .
va	I	If she wanted his best guess , though , he figured the thing about was out of fuel .
tr	I	His free cupped hand my face .
te	I	Soon , the smoke would overcome us all , leaving with us nothing clean to breathe .
te	I	Like I 'm thinking of poor Anne as being sort some of disease , or pestilence .
tr	I	The was roof collapsed onto the tops of the aisles .
tr	I	She truly she felt was giving her students the other side of the story of religion and its place in history .
tr	I	And he 't didn want her .
tr	I	He had slept his in t-shirt and denims .
tr	I	She 'd time spent on the Drug Enforcement Team and been a detective in Criminal Investigations for ... he thought three years .
tr	I	I don 't know sure for .
tr	I	Theoretically as anyway she 'd never had actually needed to .
tr	I	And it will keep going forever or until I him save .
tr	I	Don 't your open wings !
tr	I	I been 'd in his private office twice before , and each time I 'd been devastated by his news .
tr	I	Gabe makes a noise in the back his of throat , like a warning .
tr	I	He bit lip his .
va	I	I guess couples are expected to sample the wares before themselves committing , but that never occurred to me .
tr	I	The officers them escorted out the door , but proved to be no match for the reporters .
tr	I	If I remained on the freeway , I could make best the time .
tr	I	A hazy from memory the past .
tr	I	Carrie drags me down the aisle and into out the hallway , the rest of the group following close behind .
te	I	I can 't tell you how wonderful it is to see again you .
tr	I	His clenched throat tight .
tr	I	It was more than just the pain from in being the car accident .
tr	I	Plus , they needed extra the room .
tr	I	They also ran to the back of the tank to get out of sight and almost trampled and David Andrew under the tarp .
va	I	To honest be , I kind of felt like she had .
tr	I	Not that you aren 't worthy of trust , Vin Mistress .
tr	I	You 'll have to across walk the ice .
tr	I	There was simply no spark them between .
tr	I	My time - was really up .
va	I	It so felt incredibly liberating to laugh like this .
tr	I	While he might not win any bodybuilding contests , Cameron Rafferty was -- none bar -- a very sexy guy .
tr	I	I knew that I would the hold information .
tr	I	That , however , was short-lived when his phone rang the in kitchen .
va	I	My arms were still shaking from the force of the blow when she landed with a splash big in the water .
tr	I	He wondered if present the he was about to receive could possibly be more exciting than the dog tag of the missing man named Karl .
tr	I	That was my story , but I have no intention of typing THE END , because I longer no believe in such a thing .
tr	I	It practically him paralyzed .
tr	I	The enamel plates of the shield had turned a white fierce as they carved through the dust .
tr	I	George had never been embarrassed by except anything falling off the furniture when someone was watching .
tr	I	Fortunately , she didn 't notice Beth and Galilee swapping glances amused as she kept up her grumbling .
tr	I	he asks , nodding my toward horse .
tr	I	They start 'd it first thing , try to get a little more water out .
tr	I	The sign made him think of the that shooting occurred there by the now convicted officer who for what ever reason lost it .
tr	I	I watched her shoulder compress against the that locker should have been my girlfriend 's and sighed .
va	I	She expected parting his kiss to be fierce , frustrated , wild .
va	I	The only disturbance there , now I 'd cleared up the glass , was the to two single closets , which had been opened and emptied .
tr	I	As if they could smell our scent , they turned in direction our .
va	I	I got through econ and changed out my books meeting before the girls at the student center .
tr	I	Arden he knew was asking far more than his question implied .
va	I	The creature stretched its neck out peer to around Declan curiously .
tr	I	The assassin would then track down and eliminate Barry , closing the loophole largest .
tr	I	Jumbo turned around just in to time get punched in the face .
tr	I	And now she owed even Wade more .
te	I	That was nothing compared to the fury that flooded my emotions , as abrupt a dam bursting and so forceful I took a step backward .
tr	I	They were together and was that enough .
tr	I	None the of street names or buildings is familiar .
tr	I	Mobs from running place to place ?
tr	I	They were soon passed by , on the way a to fine grove of beeches , where the archers found plenty of marks .
te	I	How he dare pursue her like he had !
tr	I	He rolled aside as fast he as could , stopped when he felt the heavy thud of the creatures feet hitting the grass .
tr	I	Maybe kids just having a little fun .
tr	I	Paul laughed and slapped one of his across friends the chest .
tr	I	Several hours later when she finally came to Janet the found shades of evening gathering around .
tr	I	Your father 's been gone over week a , Dr. Whitney , and Captain Miller is different .
tr	I	On the end north of the square was the magistrate 's office , with its hammer painted large on the outer wall .
tr	I	You people care little for the living , and the you redemption promise can only be reached after death .
tr	I	Light from burst the overhead fixture .
tr	I	I had no idea what was going on , I just knew , whatever it was , it didn 't bode well me for .
va	I	My hand more than stung , it burned and I held sobs my again .
tr	I	She had seconds six of safety .
tr	I	CHAPTER 23 Our ferry just had ported .
tr	I	It was the third time this month her dad had they said would go and try it out .
tr	I	She he knew was grinning .
tr	I	Lily had talked Collin the into evening strolls as part of a healthy lifestyle .
tr	I	Felt his pulse kick with fear of harming her and icy the need to kill the one holding her .
tr	I	Ty shook his head in a denial stubborn , but he kissed Zane again without offering any evidence to support his belief .
tr	I	I had to in go and change when I got here . '
tr	I	Night a ran finger through a basin , bringing it out wet , a single drop clinging to her bony fingers .
tr	I	He closes it quickly reaches and for his whiskey glass on the coffee table .
va	I	Chapter Five screaming The preacher bursts out of the burning house like Satan smashing out of the gates of Hell .
tr	I	Then he reminded himself that was he finished with that kind of thing .
tr	I	Such stupid a answer , but what was I supposed to say ?
tr	I	It like looked disappointment .
tr	I	He steeled against himself her appeal .
tr	I	He brought Nate 's attention to down Stuart 's stern grip on the other Nate 's hand .
tr	I	Bash picked up line the in the kitchen as Beth answered .
tr	I	All the way to the rehab center , stared Jolene out the window at the falling rain .
tr	I	Nora went into kitchen the and poured him a cup of coffee .
tr	I	Sheen took bite another of his doughnut and swallowed .
tr	I	Captain advances Hulls and holds his arms out to hug me , and I let him .
tr	I	I really had great a time today , Levi .
tr	I	Even just thought the of it brought tears to her eyes .
tr	I	Such a pretty name , for such pretty a girl .
tr	I	I had been reviled even before I an became Outsider for the history of my family .
tr	I	He her appreciated restraint .
va	I	There on the sage green couch were green two pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
tr	I	Shoulder to shoulder , they studied the small disk metal .
tr	I	None of would them .
va	I	His cleared head quickly .
tr	I	Derek didn look 't at Lucas .
va	I	Besides , I volunteered for this job ; it 'd be nice to what know to expect .
tr	I	JOSHUA : First , you are married ?
tr	I	I mustn 't give her the impression that she was in charge -- just who she was to make me explain my whereabouts ?
tr	I	If were they not careful , something would snap .
tr	I	The basilica of a domed church on rose their right .
tr	I	Raphael already had gone to stand by Sebastian 's side .
va	I	Or maybe it the was warmth of her tone and the smile on her face that caught the baby 's attention .
tr	I	Upstairs , Julie closed the door to the master bedroom , stepped over to the wide window that overlooked acres the of neatly tended grape vines .
tr	I	And with that calm she finally felt she did her know father .
te	I	She adjusted the air-conditioning vent closest to her the so air wouldn 't hit her so directly .
tr	I	A moment later , she frowned held and it out to him .
tr	I	Blythe 's eyes burn the hottest of all , like coals hot , as her mouth twists in disdain .
tr	I	I my embraced son .
tr	I	Mark words my , Amelia .
tr	I	He 'd taken his cues from her , assuming she was okay with everything that had piled been atop her over the past few hours .
tr	I	I more craved , needed more from him .
tr	I	Alvin stopped and called for dog the .
tr	I	Never caring and just hitting the open with sky a stolen ride .
va	I	I 'm not sure how steps many I take before I feel the sting , the surge , the overwhelming cramp that overtakes my body .
te	I	asked Jayden Eva to .
va	I	The moment he made his her , the moment he vowed to be with her for eternity .
tr	I	I glanced at Henry , silently for asking approval , and he nodded .
tr	I	' I told you that I wasn 't be to disturbed . '
te	I	he asked , opening her coat running and his hands all over her body to look for any wounds .
tr	I	' February , ' chimed his mechanically friend .
tr	I	I still couldn 't let myself look at picture the .
tr	I	They continued down the along way .
tr	I	He hadn 't been nervous on a date for years , and he 'd several dated very sophisticated women .
tr	I	He at swung the wall .
tr	I	Arik scowled before he moved out the of cat 's reach .
tr	I	The metal bent his in hand like paper .
tr	I	That sounded like the most delightful of challenges her to .
te	I	His pained searched eyes my face .
tr	I	It was exciting and disturbing all at once ; she it wanted to stop at once , and she never wanted it to stop ever .
tr	I	I 'm not saying it would have been okay if 'd he punched me on a regular basis .
tr	I	I must maintain hope , however pathetic might it prove .
tr	I	She hear could them .
tr	I	His father , the master shipbuilder , had refused to name it : tradition stated that the ship first 's captain had that honor .
te	I	Reaching the next island , the two the skirted base .
tr	I	Many were the at French market where Milly and Bernadette often bought produce .
va	I	The was picture of Dustin .
tr	I	It had been so long that 'd I almost forgotten what it was like to simply just be .
va	I	' We trapped 're ? '
tr	I	Is it of because the fans ?
tr	I	There no was longer any doubt in her mind .
tr	I	She went the to window and peered out .
te	I	Several people awaited the queen in her chamber , a large , all but empty at room the top of the palace .
tr	I	He looked at me coldly I and shivered .
tr	I	Our trip back silent was and the hall a bit more crowded .
tr	I	She sure was there would be negative repercussions but she would deal with them later .
tr	I	My grief for was Lisa a heavy thing .
te	I	He had just returned from and delivering installing one of his metal creations to an art connoisseur when he heard strange voices from upstairs .
tr	I	We 're to going stay on schedule .
tr	I	Jeff had labeled it ' Amy ' and both lines joined part of way the to become one .
tr	I	Shelly laughed and jumped over the back of the couch , sinking down into the cushions before unscrewing her water bottle and taking long a drink .
tr	I	His body momentarily stilled at the sight and then he settled back into the bed and allowed some of the tension to ease of out him .
tr	I	I found my nerves and asked bravely ; I although was unsure why I would trust this stranger .
tr	I	He 't wasn quiet enough , and the words carried .
tr	I	Another skeleton , like first the , sitting piled beside a bureau .
tr	I	he demanded , stabbing the paper his with finger .
tr	I	With scream a , the man was thrust backward onto the floor where he writhed in pain .
tr	I	Seven would feet do .
tr	I	The one was that soaked in the blood of too many innocent lives .
tr	I	When you gon na make curtsy me to your father for approval ?
tr	I	Already one had tracked the perfume of her longing past the surly goat billy to peer in her bedroom window .
tr	I	This is how I want everything I Dee dropped 's hand .
tr	I	Do it , or you will lose everything - Do it , I and will lose the only thing .
te	I	He was almost to sure find another entrance on his own .
tr	I	Some floor space cleared was for the sleep mats ; a small fire pit was built from loose rocks .
tr	I	She was talking to colleague a now and shaking her head .
tr	I	I ran down the aisle closest to me , the all way to the end , and turned left .
tr	I	Dillon his nodded agreement .
tr	I	She remembered how empty it had felt the last time she in was there .
tr	I	Let start 's over in St. Louis .
tr	I	To tolerate total this loss of power ?
tr	I	Nick turned and saw never how Julie 's eyes filled with tears as they followed him to the door .
tr	I	He smiled her against lips .
tr	I	' And one more thing , ' he called out the above din .
te	I	Besides , we have to more talk about ur date to the dance !
tr	I	Once he finished , rolled he over and fell back to sleep instantly .
va	I	As he walked past Matthew could he not resist remarking to him to pull his finger out and get on with his work .
tr	I	Jeremy lay back on the couch and his closed eyes .
va	I	The Governor was clearly not the sharpest in chisel the toolbox .
te	I	The Competition Secretary his shrugged shoulders .
tr	I	He wasn so 't approachable according to one . '
tr	I	As I stare down the long table at my mother , I hate it more even .
tr	I	I at glared Will .
tr	I	Still , she continued to his search face , as if seeking a truer answer .
tr	I	I can his ease pain .
tr	I	I jumped of off him .
tr	I	She lifted one and arm wiped her nose on her sleeve .
tr	I	There were three them of , spread out in a semicircle .
tr	I	Miranda and Della asked at the same time , dashing 's Kylie hopes that her emotion would go unnoticed .
tr	I	I was standing in front of your cottage when I the saw ghost of Christian .
tr	I	I looked down , finding it impossible to meet eye his .
tr	I	As he drifted in and out of consciousness the events of the years that brought him to this invaded point his memory .
tr	I	He saw nurse the sprinting towards them .
tr	I	A clever disguise , thought he .
va	I	This time the moved boat thank God .
va	I	I do understand reasons your ; I just want to make sure you can bear up .
te	I	I shoved my hands in my pockets , shooting a malevolent glare his in direction .
tr	I	And I couldn find 't you .
tr	I	Naomi slowly her shook head .
tr	I	But while the early Romans have may killed off the Etruscan civilization , they absorbed many of the people .
tr	I	Warns Greg , he however is ignored .
tr	I	Oh , I can 't for wait you meet Max , you 're going to love him .
tr	I	If she 'd only let explain him , he knew he could make everything better .
tr	I	Guards would be coming soon and last the thing he wanted was to be in prison again .
va	I	Sometimes Michael was a good guy and other times , so not much .
tr	I	He says pulling his cloak over his while head walking in the direction the trio went .
tr	I	Chase turned to him face .
tr	I	He arched an eyebrow when he Roman saw 's scantily clad state .
tr	I	She leaned forward and rested her elbows on knees her .
te	I	Am I going really to Paris ?
tr	I	Once again he turned to the windows , and the to falling snow .
tr	I	The right to a marriage only second to that of one of the king 's daughters !
tr	I	Oh , first , simply the local exchange for this part of county the .
va	I	In addition , I figured I if had to work hard to get that car , why shouldn 't anyone that steals it .
va	I	Eye on end the game .
tr	I	This night , this night , wanted I to see what everyone else had already seen .
tr	I	' I it doubt Miss Coles . '
tr	I	Plus he was committed to his role as crew captain through spring the season .
tr	I	This would never be a real marriage , and something would be forever ruined once 's Nick ring slipped onto her finger .
tr	I	And her parents leaving her all alone that like !
tr	I	What was doing he ?
tr	I	But he couldn 't himself keep from dreaming .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to hold a single coherent thought in my mind , but just slipped one from moment to the next .
te	I	He dreaded that they were not telling something him .
tr	I	The Italian crowd was watching , Ezio noted , quiet with pleasure .
tr	I	Which meant she and the rest of witnesses the had more to fear than just the cops .
tr	I	He tells me what the Colonies have in store for me , should refuse Day them .
tr	I	I can see 't her .
tr	I	Beauty is in the of eye the beholder .
va	I	And now he was sacrificing his to life keep her and her father safe .
va	I	- She did surely it to make it up with us .
tr	I	She obviously had some issues it when came to her attractiveness and he 'd work on that as well , he decided as his eyes slipped closed .
tr	I	No , she was and weary afraid and ... drained .
tr	I	After I drop her off , drive I around until I find the small terminal for private aircraft .
tr	I	Tristan stared at down me with a confused look .
tr	I	I sat down on my bed , head my in my hands .
tr	I	Two years before , one of Mike 's friends good , Moon Calloway , had been killed in the bar .
va	I	They their hid laboratory away from prying eyes .
tr	I	His left hand quickly went to right his hip searching for his sword , but it seemed that he , too , was unarmed .
tr	I	Even sword training with Aiden hadn prepared 't her for this .
tr	I	We 're going try to this .
tr	I	She managed to parry both of strikes his , but just barely .
tr	I	Dragons they might be , of one the largest beings in the world , but that didn 't mean they had to stomp everywhere .
va	I	I turn to find him passing through the way entry .
tr	I	She was tucked up against his chest it like was the only place she wanted to be .
tr	I	We did everything by book the .
te	I	Slowly , almost agonizingly , he straightened out his body until his were toes pointing straight up into the sky , towards the double moons .
va	I	She even looked more amazing than usual with her jet black hair piled in a messy bun held together with black chopsticks .
tr	I	Like a general in disgrace , I acquiesce to fate , fall I upon my pen .
tr	I	Alex shoots him glare a as he touches the cold blade to my skin .
va	I	She didn try 't to shove away from him but held him tightly .
tr	I	Unfortunately I can keep 't you in bed twenty-four hours a day .
tr	I	Thomas stared at man this in disbelief .
tr	I	I read article an about the benefits of anticipation .
te	I	That buoyed up spirits my .
tr	I	He had her used .
tr	I	Saw sitting her there .
va	I	She was very well endowed with breasts that couldn 't have been perfectly more rounded .
tr	I	When we leaving were the bar he tried knocking me out , saying I was too young to go with him .
tr	I	He could have spent hours squeezing just it and biting it .
tr	I	I watch her as she into talks a microphone .
te	I	What would that do her to ?
te	I	One day , she wandered to out the stables to visit with the horses .
tr	I	We need really to take some time to understand what this might be .
tr	I	She has a painted red spot in middle the of her forehead .
tr	I	I desperately wanted to get little a closer to him .
tr	I	It was dark , the sound distant of traffic pointed to a road being nearby .
tr	I	Mr Briggs also was the leader of the military .
tr	I	They had driven north of the city the to ferry terminal that served the San Juan Islands .
tr	I	Before you came around I actually thought about all of sorts boring stuff .
te	I	Hot damn but had he it bad .
te	I	She frowned a little , closed but her ledger and gestured for me to sit down .
tr	I	Along with everything else , the bond been had restored .
tr	I	The thirst blood afterward is hellish enough , but the fire itself is death to anyone who gets near it .
tr	I	These songs 't wouldn help her .
tr	I	Her smile faltered a for second before she noticed I was observing her then it was full of false bravado .
tr	I	They fit into his like hands they were made for him .
tr	I	Fresh blood continued to run from mouth her .
tr	I	Outside of Prim , my mother , and Gale , how many people in the world me love unconditionally ?
va	I	Then she tells me that my family is gone and , as if she 's speaking my own thoughts , tells me I 'm all now alone .
tr	I	David was out still .
tr	I	The exercises gradually increased in difficulty and Neil grimaced a little as Andrew deflected every shot Neil his aimed way .
tr	I	My heart thumped rapidly inside my chest as the rusted door opened , the filling room with a familiar stench .
tr	I	He stepped over to the entrance , rang main the buzzer - nothing .
tr	I	We took her to the young woman in other the room .
tr	I	In Sera 's life , a man had to fall in love with the woman , the kids , the house , and dog their Buddy .
tr	I	Aurelius and Garde had come to handle it Lissa in 's absence .
tr	I	Possession is illusion an .
tr	I	My was office next to Frank 's .
tr	I	He dressed his tall , lean frame in leather black pants and an open white shirt .
tr	I	When they saw us , four all bowed deeply .
va	I	You never knew when you need might the extra one .
tr	I	Without warning , she took a shot , but missed the man front in of her by a large distance .
tr	I	Her lungs filled with again air , carrying a familiar scent .
tr	I	The honesty part was probably going to be harder Emma for than taking off her clothes .
tr	I	Plato 's writings have been published in several fashions ; this has led to conventions several regarding the naming and referencing of Plato 's texts .
te	I	This has fucker gone from worthless to boring .
tr	I	I him gave a wide smile .
tr	I	His was face firm , but deeply sympathetic .
tr	I	' I 'll him respect when he shows me a little respect , ' he muttered .
te	I	His was mind made up .
tr	I	It 's powerful so !
tr	I	So bad many memories had taken place in recent years , she 'd almost forgotten there had been any good ones .
tr	I	He wasn deterred 't .
tr	I	And then ran right through a big , blue mailbox like it wasn 't there , catching ball the on the other side .
tr	I	He the threw door open .
te	I	He wasn 't sure her emotions had ever been than stronger a crush .
te	I	Stone explained as they were led down an adjacent hallway and then toward an staircase elegant .
tr	I	He was starting to like sound Kaye .
tr	I	The night we met ... Bliss , I don 't do normally things like that .
tr	I	The voice dropped to a whisper conspiratorial .
tr	I	I didn 't about care getting in touch with any of them .
tr	I	So thick heavy and , she could actually feel the pulse of his member against her inner walls .
tr	I	The Bursar rose to to reply Curry 's proposal .
tr	I	No use denying obvious the .
tr	I	It was water only .
tr	I	Her back against my chest , her held tight in my grip , she struggled but I wouldn 't let go .
tr	I	She sighed , wiped her away tears with the back of her hand and looked at Daisy .
tr	I	They had quite an by arsenal the time they all gathered into the squad room .
tr	I	She had planned the wedding to be late enough so people that would already have had dinner .
tr	I	The gods of immortality knew the Bureau could always work find .
tr	I	His wispy white hair was tied in a long ponytail , his beard flicked his over shoulders .
tr	I	She was surprised a when soft lips touched her cheeks .
tr	I	She 'd listening been yesterday when he said he 'd dreamed of being a taste tester .
tr	I	He smiled knowing that she take could care of herself when everything looked their worst .
tr	I	A rolled heart into a perfect circle .
te	I	He joins on us the third floor landing .
tr	I	Didn 't he realize that apart from her sister and mother , he was the only person whose love really she wanted ?
te	I	Steve picked up the scattered for groceries her and they walked into the house together .
tr	I	I fumbled around until I where found the alcohol had been moved to .
va	I	He reached and out locked his fingers with mine .
tr	I	He cradled her head in his hands and caught tears the with his tongue , tenderly nuzzling against her .
tr	I	Hicks and Sykes stare up at for Hartman a long moment .
tr	I	When we dragged our wet bodies from the pool , we discovered Peyton glaring at us with her crossed arms .
tr	I	He smirked and me eyed .
tr	I	Well , she did like it ; she just didn want 't to dwell on it .
tr	I	Before he the reached top step , his phone rang .
tr	I	Possibly forever , thought I .
tr	I	It was four in afternoon the when Ethan reached the curve in the road at the end of town .
tr	I	I grabbed his hand , yanking it down before he could reveal face his .
tr	I	For a while sat they , quiet in the darkness .
tr	I	How do you even know that Heather telling is the truth about bein ' threatened ?
tr	I	I felt her will up shove against mine , just as I 'd grappled with the demons .
tr	I	Now he sat up again straighter .
te	I	A swirl of expectation swam in her veins , side by side with a few threads slim of reality .
tr	I	I a trail string of kisses across her chest .
tr	I	Just a dull , heavy lump his in chest , petrified by pain and fear .
va	I	She mimed walking with her fingers and I slapped hands her .
tr	I	It 's the first time I 've a shown sign of life since I left the facility .
tr	I	The who man had touched her , shown her just how amazing two people could be together .
tr	I	The path was narrow and dark , like entering a tunnel though it was only trees that lined path the .
tr	I	His mouth was half-full and he was through hurrying his food .
tr	I	The seemed boy in a daze , his dilated pupils consuming his brown irises .
tr	I	Hamilton ran hand a through his hair .
tr	I	Selena glanced at menacingly him , letting her acquaintance know that he must stay back .
tr	I	Tucker adjusted his aim on the flaming flare , then lifted the to crosshairs where he had hidden the Rover 's gas can .
tr	I	Harley didn say 't anything .
te	I	It always when did Nick touched him .
tr	I	Brooke unbuckled his belt and slid the leather free slowly , deliberately , then giving the length a shake and snap that through echoed the room .
tr	I	I know that I good am .
tr	I	He held a in map front of Connor 's face .
tr	I	Real , was it real .
tr	I	When it 's done , we call the envoy in back .
tr	I	He tried to ignore the voice , but that found it was nearly impossible .
va	I	I can 't take Ria to doctor a , either .
tr	I	Since we were going out for dinner , I took advantage that of forty minutes , more or less , to work out on my treadmill .
tr	I	He paused , for waiting a response from Kathy .
tr	I	It had probably gotten lost or -- crushed with her luck -- during the accident .
tr	I	There is a maniac somewhere out there with a hit list and all of our names on are it .
te	I	I cried out , riding him harder , tightening and around contracting him , moaning and crying out loudly .
tr	I	How did do you that ?
tr	I	I had dreamed of not them too long ago .
tr	I	They 're cocky so .
va	I	He took a deep , calming breath both for of them , holding on to his control while he fought down madness .
tr	I	Dread filled every scale on my body , a fear so intense and deeply entrenched that rational my mind retreated , leaving me weak and helpless .
tr	I	Today was Marcus about and Nicola .
tr	I	I don 't know how to respond her to but Victoria 's mom , Barbara now stands next to Brianna .
tr	I	People out on the must fringes not like authority .
va	I	Dad you says 're officially forty-nine years , eleven months and eight days old .
te	I	Albert looked up at battlements the .
te	I	she asked , showing him one his of gloves .
tr	I	He didn 't need further identification , since there was only one hardware store in town , and he was the only one who answered phone the .
tr	I	As it was , the decision to give the Horace reluctant a bath had thrown a hitch in their plans .
tr	I	Martha was a little ; bitchy Martha disliked most things .
tr	I	Betsy 's high tone pitched had not dissipated .
tr	I	SHOW HOW HIM IT FEELS .
tr	I	And he was a slimy little with worm a charming smile and a handsome face .
tr	I	I wasn 't beginning to think Taylor like .
tr	I	His voice did not have quite the firmness it had had earlier , if as he wasn 't sure I would obey .
tr	I	An awkward silence followed this harsh declaration , but Claire wasn 't by surprised what Roni had said .
tr	I	But what would fun it be to go alone ?
tr	I	If he 'd dragged us off , we 've could been charged with the murder of that guy you killed .
tr	I	If you make a move on me , I may have no but choice to restrain you . '
tr	I	She 'd created this mess yet she sat around nothing doing to help the situation .
tr	I	She knew this was a ruse to her get to stay put , and she doubted it would work .
tr	I	Nadia clicks her fingers a and ball of flame appears overhead .
te	I	He still no made move .
va	I	I know can I trust your judgment in things like that George .
tr	I	She considers this , looking conflicted , but she then slowly leans in and lightly places her lips against mine .
va	I	The autumn cool breeze lifted her hair off her shoulders and she reached up to brush her hair out of her face .
tr	I	Barak 's eyes brightened noticeably , and he toward started the door .
tr	I	I have taken care of myself a for long time .
tr	I	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual is events purely coincidental .
te	I	Jason shut and the locked door , then followed me .
tr	I	Zarah didn 't bother even to look up as she was bent down low picking up several belts that had fallen behind a display case .
tr	I	If there was leak a in the Bureau , it needed to be plugged immediately .
tr	I	Epilogue Ryan Sullivan sprawled out on lounger the under the big oak tree in his mother 's backyard , enjoying his beer .
tr	I	I took an out envelope of my pocket .
tr	I	Boots hastily excused and himself went dashing after the sound .
tr	I	She wasn truly 't looking to hurt Ryan ; she just wanted to look out for Sam .
tr	I	You 're here to talk to me , 't aren you ? '
va	I	He was a such boy , shirtless and sweating , muscles already cording on his tall frame .
va	I	A bar called the 's Hunter Moon on Hester Street .
tr	I	I noted his attire and roamed the room with my eyes to be sure all others were as suited I as was .
tr	I	She will forgive me ... and set free me .
tr	I	Then , had she a guard literally throw me out on the street .
tr	I	I thought they even kissed them , which made me all the more irritated Katie by 's response .
va	I	And he then 'd more than likely pound me .
tr	I	' I 'm sick getting of hearing about it . '
tr	I	She lost her balance and had to reach out the for rock to steady herself and refocus .
va	I	After this , the king pronounced that there was one only award fit for such a gallant man .
tr	I	Sometimes there 's not the right choice , there just 's a better choice .
tr	I	They were no or hotels houses to break into .
te	I	None of had them been like this .
tr	I	The last thing she needed now was parenting advice from a woman who 'd motherhood handled as if it were radioactive waste .
tr	I	My muscles tense with blood rushing into brain my then down my spine shivering with the attack .
tr	I	Sebastian shook off what 'd he done .
tr	I	As the water flowed up to meet him steered he the aircraft down as best he could .
tr	I	Inside , strung along the walls on and posts lining the walkways and homes , were bulbs the size of my fists .
tr	I	The Lady 't didn flinch at his appearance .
tr	I	As if he needed reminding of all he needed win to back .
tr	I	Something about this particular seemed hallway familiar .
va	I	Better still , the demon stone had absorbed the poison in his body , and within a heartbeats few , he was back on his feet .
te	I	Probably couldn 't take a punch in the face for of fear ruining his perfect smile .
va	I	She nodded and yawned , brushing the fog back from her eyes with the backs her of hands .
va	I	Her lips full were , her skin the color of honey , and her breasts practically falling out of the pink bikini .
tr	I	I reached road the below and looked up it toward the Rabbit and the fat man beside it , gun in hand .
te	I	Stay here tonight if you want , I 've got police protection until this over is .
tr	I	That was why would Yoshida fail .
tr	I	My hands and face painfully were red .
tr	I	That was always the first stop for Mom me and at the State Fair .
tr	I	Initially , philosophy embraced science as well , but discipline this soon took off on its own adventure .
tr	I	They were adults who should able be to control themselves .
te	I	One with a ravenous appetite protein for , lots of it .
te	I	The I more thought , the more unpleasant and imminent they got .
tr	I	I 'm hoping this is the time last .
tr	I	It hadn 't Kara been 's .
tr	I	Gap played with Winkler 's phone after a while and got somebody answer to his call .
tr	I	And she learned once that they emerged , they told everyone about everything as in everything about their claiming , down to the most intimate detail .
tr	I	Even this late in the day , probably they needed to be somewhere else soon .
tr	I	The Circle had celebrated Suzan birthday 's undisturbed two days ago , on the twenty-fourth .
tr	I	Lea was glad that had Julie her eyes close because Lea was blushing .
va	I	Dare was glad was he driving .
tr	I	There 's a metal basket hanging on the other side of clip the .
tr	I	A rifle shot echoed through the stadium the and contest began .
va	I	Maryse appeared aback taken .
tr	I	He pulled out a chair and allowed himself to drop into it , stretching his legs out in front him of to ease his protesting body .
tr	I	Of course , 'd he been referring to the stock market , getting in , getting out , capitalizing on the deal , making money .
tr	I	That number little you wore was insane .
te	I	This time she 'd been admitted instead overnight of being sent home from the emergency room .
tr	I	As as long they kept their hands off of her .
tr	I	I fear time running is out .
tr	I	She was tempted almost to telephone Oliver and tell him not to leave .
tr	I	That request was safer than delivering any of sort message .
tr	I	Ken leapt back and fired two large blasts , taking Silver to the sky to avoid them .
tr	I	Make sure all the doors are locked down here , then hide in the crawl until space the cops or an ambulance comes .
tr	I	Brandon kissed me tenderly , and I fought off my incredible desire to be locked away all night with him inside his house safe .
tr	I	But another clench inside her , a more dreaded one , made Kira glance around the room consternation in .
tr	I	I blinked heavily , unwilling to listen , then yanked the open door to Joel 's car .
te	I	Kenzie had nothing apologize to for .
tr	I	The was voice the same rowdy crewmember .
tr	I	I might as well have been a mannequin the in window at Abercrombie .
tr	I	What if the windmill gossip flew regarding the Italian count and Alexa ?
va	I	The stood dog on all fours and shook his whole body .
tr	I	she asked and I nodded would I .
tr	I	Stunned that would you think that about me .
tr	I	Wendy wouldn 't do it intentionally , course of .
tr	I	At the last moment he comes life to , bending his knees and rolling across the sidewalk beside me .
tr	I	I would never have able been to do that when I was your age .
tr	I	From the outside , Merciless the Mart is a squat block with a narrow raised portion in its center .
tr	I	She glanced up as I came into aisle the , the massive tome in her hands making her look even smaller .
tr	I	She is the one insisted who Skyler remain indoors and without the stress of company .
tr	I	I wanted to cast a glamour spell , and not actually transform friends my into the images I was picturing .
tr	I	He sat back down in armchair the .
tr	I	It was wood paneled , which nice was , but dusty pictures hanging on the walls added to its charm .
tr	I	Cloud his turned head quickly .
tr	I	Since the oil crisis of 2012 , the world at had large adopted a new economy , lean on fossil fuel energy .
va	I	That didn 't either matter .
tr	I	I just ... you like more than I hate him .
va	I	Isaiah lets go of my hand and in a blur , pushes back my against a cold brick wall .
tr	I	He was silently watching fighters the .
tr	I	Roberta wiped her eyes with napkin a , still laughing a little .
tr	I	During the next few weeks , I managed to listen to Horace 's broadcasts , he and was right .
tr	I	The air was wet with drizzle tasted and sweeter than ever before .
tr	I	He had divorce to her .
tr	I	The man had done impossible the .
te	I	Without vampires to kill , your business won 't be quite as I lucrative imagine .
tr	I	Afterward , I 'd fallen the onto bed , face first , and slept like the dead .
tr	I	When they returned from shopping hours later , black five trash bags lined the curb .
tr	I	They buried the faithful retainer and on rode , by purest chance missing the site of the original engagement .
tr	I	Maybe 'd they found him and he was already safe .
tr	I	What she was doing ?
tr	I	Letting test-drive him me .
tr	I	A smile at tugged his mouth .
va	I	The view him struck an almost physical blow .
tr	I	Too many recall to .
te	I	I watch my fingers still drawing little circles as if of own their free will .
te	I	When he never moved , I rolled the down window .
tr	I	The rumbling stops and the floor groans one last time as all pieces the have fallen into place .
tr	I	Celia an raised eyebrow .
tr	I	It was oppressive , suffocating - so quiet that eventually it became a roar that drowned out everything else .
tr	I	Some of backed them away .
tr	I	Father had never told her Sorin turned had on their clan .
tr	I	There was a brief pause , then the flickering lights and steely of chimes swordplay resumed .
tr	I	She immediately pulled out of his arms and backed up , worried about what he might suggesting be .
te	I	Now that he here was he decided to keep going .
tr	I	She had scarcely her interrupted work .
va	I	Maybe if he did something special her for , she would finally realize he was nothing like his father .
tr	I	I , ll tell you the sad here thing .
te	I	shouted her husband he as rushed toward us .
tr	I	You have earned your right to come home , to re-enter paradise to take Mia and return the to light and happiness that can forever be yours .
tr	I	' Are allowed you to do that ? '
tr	I	Like the house , the garden was modest beautiful and .
tr	I	He wrapped his around arms her and looked down into her eyes .
tr	I	The Amazon petite sitting across from her shrugged .
tr	I	I leaned in to hug him so I no longer to had face him and look into his eyes .
tr	I	One side , if that 's what you could call it , was fleeing the field of battle with others the in pursuit .
tr	I	Will walked beside me and gave I him a smile .
tr	I	He raced after her , long strides easily catching up as they ran to the ... backyard there he was .
tr	I	The lad it was aimed at caught it , revolved the ball rapidly between his hands and then threw back it .
tr	I	They see could the frost from their breaths as the ghoulish looking clouds above allowed as little daylight as possible .
tr	I	The door they had just walked was through apparently a door to the toilets .
tr	I	He 'd had snuff to that notion fast .
va	I	His voice betrayed him for moment a , warbling weakly .
tr	I	Levi put an arm around Allie and she into leaned his side .
tr	I	Just then , Alex saw something out of the corner of eye his .
tr	I	The last thing she needed was for their argument to be witnessed avid by onlookers .
te	I	When the answer was in affirmative the he finally agreed to come in .
tr	I	I hear him fumbling with his other hand and then sound the of a condom being ripped open .
tr	I	Courtney stared blankly into space until she realized that wherever her grandmother was going , she intended taking on Courtney with her .
tr	I	To the outside world they looked like three friends , Dane but knew the difference .
tr	I	I could tell she was as crying she buried her face into my neck .
tr	I	I 'm jealous not .
tr	I	How could she be that wondering ?
tr	I	' This is my first time Australia in . '
tr	I	Fuller agreed that Chinese the colonel was blowing smoke up their asses , but they needed to know how to handle the other units .
tr	I	Its and innocence purity will shield you from spiritual attack !
tr	I	She had personal a connection , too .
te	I	I do move not .
tr	I	David heard the jarring voice his in earpiece .
va	I	Her mind was turning over the problem , examining it from angle every and coming up with solutions at a rapid rate .
tr	I	Bryan looked her at .
va	I	Other than concert the that ended horribly I hadn 't taken her anywhere .
tr	I	A look of exasperation Diane crossed 's face .
va	I	' Besides , this is the most I 'll ever get to touch again you . '
tr	I	It smelled ... somehow tainted .
tr	I	Joe pulled open the driver 's door side of his car .
tr	I	Then she grabbed another piece , and then a slice of bacon , though even she hadn 't eaten bacon in years .
te	I	There , she took my hand in hers and sat on edge the of the bed .
tr	I	I 've had to lie to everyone about she where is .
va	I	She rested her head on my shoulder , her breaths in coming deep and uneven .
tr	I	Surgeons give never up .
va	I	Robyn his grabbed shoulders .
tr	I	The baby shouldn 't have been a surprise to either of them , Lorraine but had been stunned at the news .
va	I	Jason and were Chris first .
te	I	She did regret not her words , she would be a mother to her people and share in their fate .
tr	I	Some were exclaiming over the cake asking and if everyone was going to get a piece .
tr	I	Of she course missed that .
tr	I	And all he was was doing trying to defend and protect his family .
tr	I	Especially now that Papa had managed to plant his very own spy her inside house .
tr	I	But there weren 't any crickets around at time this of year .
tr	I	The men looked me over but nobody us introduced .
tr	I	Everything was suddenly very quiet , except for the faint roar of motor the and the call of the seabirds overhead .
te	I	The lights in continued both directions .
tr	I	The Wilds is full them of .
tr	I	Seeing the raised eyebrows curiosity and , she said , ' Shall I read it out ? '
tr	I	Perhaps she should insulted be .
tr	I	Over and over it played the horrible scene until all left was was Kate 's battered car .
tr	I	Both of hands his reached up and cupped one of my arms .
tr	I	Plus , it probably didn 't help that my father died in a fiery freeway right collision about the same time .
tr	I	I was the on edge of panic , my throat dry and thick .
tr	I	Nearly everything days these was digital .
tr	I	When she arrived at school , saw she one of her classmates , Viola , who was standing there waiting for someone .
tr	I	The two boys looked tattered and dirty had and taken food out of the trash can to eat .
tr	I	One of the units was carrying a large device which was connected to a rifle looking device being held the by other unit .
va	I	Burnett 't didn move , but his eyes glowed a bright yellow .
tr	I	The dangerous game causes another to lose life his to the voracious hoard .
tr	I	I don 't know if should I still date this guy truly or just let my heart decide in this complicated arrangement .
te	I	It 's something he never could have imagined -- her being outside active and .
tr	I	' But ... ... er ' ' Yes , mate ? '
tr	I	Jeremy turned and was preparing to leave the office Dominic when 's business partner , Jake Walton , entered and saw Jeremy 's face .
va	I	He wouldn 't , or couldn 't , where say .
tr	I	He held a board against the animal , pinning it the into corner of the pen .
tr	I	Only Zarah noticed the exchange since Sidra and Rashid were with busy the photographer , and very preoccupied with each other .
te	I	The adjutant nodded and took a deep breath that in rattled his throat .
tr	I	This group have over taken the committee and brought in all these new regulations .
tr	I	It just so happens that I am uniquely qualified to detect frauds scammers and .
te	I	I don 't really know what to say to that , so I silent remain .
va	I	Before this , worst the thing Danika had ever dealt with was the death of her grandpa two months ago .
tr	I	The powerful computer integrated within the helmet allowed to him do a number of handy things .
tr	I	I watch him carefully and feel the disapproval lines etched into face my .
tr	I	I had cleared my mind pushed and the emotions away .
tr	I	The looked mystics politely surprised .
tr	I	With that thought , he came to the far south-western corner of the village and to pulled a stop at his destination .
tr	I	It was impossible to think about anything else except for was what happening between us .
va	I	It might be to time try a bit more cajoling .
tr	I	I was planning on a staying mystery forever .
te	I	Fortunately , her primary duty was to me protect , so she restrained herself .
tr	I	The party you follows .
tr	I	She 't couldn control herself .
tr	I	I 'll scrub floors the .
te	I	She made a path across the beam and planted her on feet the railing .
tr	I	Then there the was time I spent with the real estate agent and cleaning Mom 's house before we listed it .
tr	I	I shook head my at him .
tr	I	The second had one slice left when she went and got an coffee hour later .
va	I	Jenna was so pale the that blue veins in her eyelids were sharply visible .
va	I	She kicked uselessly at his foot remained which wedged in the door .
te	I	She knew could they be prone to violence , but she felt confident enough that she could handle herself if it became necessary .
tr	I	She debated briefly as the footsteps started the down stairs , dizzy from the flood of memories .
tr	I	Make all his fall hair out . '
tr	I	Jerry out laughed loud at the name .
tr	I	It was designed to keep out people unauthorized .
tr	I	I 'll be bodyguard your .
tr	I	After about 25 minutes , there was a knock on my door and I to opened let Nick inside .
tr	I	Carrying closer her to home .
tr	I	He someone deserved whole and she had to get out so he could find her .
tr	I	It sounded like a prehistoric beast arousing from sleep its .
te	I	He looked the around large lobby and noticed a strange man sitting across from the elevators .
tr	I	But I was too proud to admit to it anyone !
tr	I	I can feel warm his chest pressed against my back and the strength of his arms around me .
tr	I	I 'd wait till we were close enough to the ground , get a good grip on you , kick out the wall , jump and .
tr	I	I rolled eyes my .
tr	I	When had I an important client meeting , he offered to bring the documents .
tr	I	The final recitation of the spell hers was to deliver .
tr	I	Eventually , he felt himself hit the ground with great force , but was still blinded by dark the , inky flame that had engulfed him .
tr	I	After a year , he 'd finally reached the point where he understood that words represented objects , and Ryan could repeat nearly everything suggested I .
tr	I	Grabbing her suitcase , purse passport and , she rushed out the door .
tr	I	Her mother rolled eyes her .
tr	I	What the was lawyer trying to hide ?
tr	I	He stared hard at his twin , unable to contain fury his .
tr	I	I 'm guessing was it a homeless person or a corpse he dug up .
tr	I	' Babe , ' Calvin said , ' does the captain here have something to do with news the you mentioned earlier ? '
tr	I	She stuffed it in purse her .
va	I	In nineteen years 've I never seen him lose his cool , but he lost it .
tr	I	Between the three of them , managed they to help me to my feet without putting too much pressure on the wounded shoulder .
tr	I	A beautiful for name a beautiful woman . '
tr	I	Inside he found he what was looking for .
tr	I	Daniel growled , covering her his with arms .
tr	I	Ten ago years , Bill Jackson at Stanford ran a series of weekend seminars on extraterrestrial life .
tr	I	Steven shrugged this off and decided to trust whatever business his friend needed to in do Phoenix .
tr	I	Nest Egg Publishing Note : This was a of work fiction .
tr	I	I walk back down the to hall him .
va	I	The short answer is I don 't know and 's there no way to tell .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ SYNDROME ANTENNA New York , 2026 .
tr	I	It would help explain the strange closeness I felt towards him , how and emotionally invested he seemed to be in me .
tr	I	I have a tumor brain .
va	I	The room with its myriad memories brought home a crushing loss , greater than Ice 's on feelings the day of Great Cloud 's funeral .
tr	I	No answered one , though I could have sworn I heard a muffled sound from inside .
tr	I	But every time she had that thought , she heard her grandmother voice 's .
va	I	And how maybe now might be a time good to do something about that .
tr	I	We back are on Michigan Avenue .
tr	I	She grabbed me the by arm .
tr	I	Sometimes she curled up and fell asleep again on the lounge , sometimes she lay on the in floor Amelie ' room .
tr	I	I caught glimpses in her mind staying of with her family .
tr	I	This ebook may not be re-sold or given to away other people .
tr	I	I turned to see Mia standing there , looking a schoolgirl holding a notebook and to pencil her chest .
tr	I	He grabbed my hand and a took close look on it .
va	I	Haddington and Clarence on went blissfully unaware to the old Lord 's office .
tr	I	I don 't care how it or happened who gets hurt !
tr	I	I am sorry to say I that wish to remain anonymous .
te	I	There was a sound of footsteps on the verandah , then clunking a as Emily kicked off her dusty shoes .
va	I	a soft eloquent female voice asks in ear his .
tr	I	Then why you 'd ask ?
va	I	Dylan growled a little , then he around looked Deni to Jace , his blue eyes going Shifter white .
te	I	He was signaling toward living the room .
tr	I	Marlon Bean lifted a in hand greeting , as did Vince Howe .
va	I	She was outside of the pool house , gathering some items loaded and them into a car .
tr	I	' I now wish I 'd gone home for Christmas .
tr	I	Her plea was breathy desperate and , and she didn 't care .
tr	I	She cupped the side of her cousin face 's , concentrated on finding the power inside of her .
tr	I	Trey hunched back in the seat , tight arms across his chest .
tr	I	* * * * * Ashleigh continued glancing between the coffin and Special Envoy standing nearby as the three women carried on gushing .
tr	I	He lost his glow amused .
tr	I	Mech City squatted in all its shabby glory , just a few kilometers away from their position hilltop .
tr	I	It sounded like human skulls shaking around in a garbage metal can .
tr	I	That 's beautiful a concept .
tr	I	It change could things .
tr	I	There was one no close enough to help them .
tr	I	But when Nicholas so said , no one laughed .
va	I	Another problem is the electric fence , I but think to myself that I have a solution to that .
tr	I	When met I Shirley Temple , she was an eighteen-year-old grown-up , and she was a delight .
tr	I	But I don 't know if that 's a good enough reason to leave behind everything and start over .
tr	I	And I think that 's hurts what the most .
va	I	In the months to come , she fully expected everything turn to out to her satisfaction with Hunter and Nick as well .
te	I	But heard I him .
tr	I	He turned to wild-eyed the captive .
tr	I	I never 'd been so simultaneously in lust and love with someone .
tr	I	Jess had dumped her longtime back boyfriend in September because she wanted to have a fun senior year .
te	I	So we straight went to the plane entrance .
tr	I	Then I stared at the nurses red , wind cheeks burnt .
tr	I	Sylvia all but squeaked , her smile growing wide over the lip her of cup .
tr	I	He sounded a like querulous old man .
te	I	And why was so there much surveillance on us ?
tr	I	Maybe he was seeing things , but it sure looked like Julia was fixing to get the hell of out Dodge .
tr	I	And like always , I a had handful of guards in tow .
tr	I	They conversed until the chimes rang , signaling it was to time return to our rooms .
te	I	I was alone a in dark busted ship , tripping over dead bodies .
tr	I	There was going more on with him that just the work stuff , I was suddenly sure .
tr	I	He offered me his cell phone , braced then an arm on the pay phone , leaning into my private space .
tr	I	It would help if Vivian made an effort to meet others the , but so far she hadn 't revealed the slightest bit of interest or cooperation .
tr	I	Well , his was name Pietro and he was a PR for parties in the clubs .
tr	I	One day we may have to leave behind you .
tr	I	That name came later , towards the end of eighteenth the century .
tr	I	The speed demon behind the wheel of the other car was smiling from ear to ear and waving Joe at .
tr	I	The road wound around a number of small sand dunes , then dipped down and came out into a small parking area by surrounded large bushes .
tr	I	The sharp silhouette was a visible reminder the of land 's violent past .
te	I	The sudden quiet of the room suffocating was .
tr	I	The cathedral full was .
tr	I	They were well content with their material riches needed and no spiritual yearnings to disturb their comfort .
tr	I	I saw Haruki what felt .
va	I	Rafe had found his sword and turned to grapple with phantom another like shadow .
tr	I	He turned on the shower with one hand , then dove the under warm spray .
tr	I	I yet have to see it because he told me ' she was too fast ' .
tr	I	' I just wish I had loved ones I could talk to , about us , about school , about all the things little too .
tr	I	But the bartender set her soda down right at that moment so she able was to escape his touch by lifting her glass to her mouth .
tr	I	The nice neat isn stack 't so neat anymore .
tr	I	The old man glancing kept up at him .
tr	I	Just as I pass the pond 's oak tree boundary , the voices in started .
tr	I	But he the knew answer .
tr	I	I watch cut Francesca through the crowd from my position near the doorway .
tr	I	Instead of him telling the exact location she told him the street name .
te	I	Len as looked though he had heard the wrong words .
tr	I	I glanced over my shoulder once to see Puck , his eyes and dark troubled , ease back into the thorns until he was lost from view .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what I wanted to do for my internship , but now I 'm leaning family toward counseling .
tr	I	Damon choked cover to a laugh .
tr	I	Tate drifted closer , keeping a discreet distance but no making effort to hide her interest .
tr	I	I sank deeper into oblivion , already the on edge of ending this vision .
va	I	She shimmered in the night sky , and took it all my strength not to reach out and touch her .
tr	I	I for one , completely side with Plato , how else could I explain the she way made me feel ?
va	I	First can student make or break you .
tr	I	With fangs their bared , they lunged toward the agents .
tr	I	I decided to think about it later , when was I alone .
tr	I	The dark elf slightly smiled .
tr	I	One have should given way for the other .
tr	I	She was tall and slender with golden hair down cascading her shoulders , her face that of a goddess , perfect and frightening .
tr	I	What is dear it ?
tr	I	I should have been there all those years , protecting you , caring you for , building a family with you .
va	I	The first few times he just me helped through , smiling and always holding my wrist a little too long .
tr	I	Things were so different from college her years when she 'd dated and had fun .
tr	I	Susan her did best to prop him up as , swaying and slipping , they made their way back to the exit .
tr	I	This darkness held warm shadows the and sound of rustling trees .
tr	I	There was something about off her , and now he realized why Sarah was so concerned .
tr	I	At that point , of one the other members of our tour who was sitting behind us leaned forward .
tr	I	My main problem was I that wasn 't sure I wanted to win .
va	I	The merest smattering of guards manned the outward positions facing .
tr	I	Scarlett pushed her way through the gyrating bodies and ran him after .
tr	I	You haven 't taken those training wheels yet off ?
tr	I	I wasn 't sure so about that .
tr	I	He wiped tears from his eyes and slapped his knee one with hand .
te	I	What bothered her was that didn she 't know where to start .
tr	I	She gasped loudly and it made me flinch as seeing she was holding the curling iron awfully close to my face .
tr	I	Push out it of your two bodies .
tr	I	Vad was about leave to , his wounds mostly recovered and his strength having returned .
tr	I	' Wetting a finger and holding it up always has been good enough for me . '
tr	I	Your anger is cold ice , not fiery hot , and you contain it .
tr	I	Ethan how considered utterly unprepared this woman was .
va	I	Those cliffs would be there long my after roommates and I were gone .
tr	I	There were the stars the and waxing moon and the headlights that would soon be gone .
tr	I	The other interns two smiled at the joke .
te	I	But you 'll about think your other wishes ?
tr	I	Once Bree placed her order , the and waiter had walked away , her attention shifted to me completely .
tr	I	They got home to find florist a delivery van parked in the driveway .
tr	I	I asked Gee quietly , afraid she didn truly 't know .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I could convince her to leave me Leif with so close now but I was going to try my hardest .
te	I	The doors blocked Valerie from view , but her sister 's words came loud through and clear .
tr	I	His neighbor looked peaceful on his porch swing , perfect in contrast to the chaos Mark had fled .
te	I	Your cooperation me saves from having to conscript you .
tr	I	' He 's for wrong you .
va	I	Yet , she wavered , her thoughts chaos in .
tr	I	Actually the word relationship came never up at all .
tr	I	Marie can take one of the other nurses with her to see Mrs Bishop and friends her , I 'll brief her . '
tr	I	Unable to stop myself , I her cup cheek with my hand .
tr	I	Woods 's voice broke my into dream and my eyes snapped open .
tr	I	She swept arm an toward the interior , seemingly oblivious to the fact that it felt like it was about a hundred below zero outside .
tr	I	Laura cocked her head to the side , looking him at .
tr	I	Anthony explains to me by that candy , Ross means ammunition and weapons .
tr	I	I couldn 't concentrate on the plot , couldn 't think of anything but man the sitting beside me .
tr	I	Meredith tended point to out things like that .
tr	I	And was he reading the newspaper with his feet up , just like Uncle Drac does .
tr	I	They looked relieved to off be the hook .
tr	I	We should wait and a make break for it together , she said .
te	I	The helmet was and jammed took a concentrated wrench to remove .
tr	I	Which is why she asked 'd Jean Claude to meet her here .
tr	I	I mean , not more than normal , the pain physical .
tr	I	Their colours change give and away more than their mouths do .
tr	I	On the road ahead of us , Welsh the cavalry now stood .
te	I	She pivoted and for headed the kitchen .
tr	I	As you pleased are with me so am I of you .
tr	I	Grady 's furrowed brow .
tr	I	The jolt of that intensely satisfying fullness took Emily straight to the edge of again climax .
tr	I	I don like 't owing people any debt or favours .
tr	I	I 't don think we seriously meant to , it was just , like , well , there was just too much weird shit between us .
va	I	Lyssa slipped it in back its holster .
tr	I	Some nights he could think of nothing Evening but Star .
tr	I	Her hand went to her necklace and ran its fingers across the arrow , an unbearable silence the squeezing oxygen from her lungs .
te	I	An eternity later they finally the reached door .
tr	I	Uri must have sensed between tension them , because he muttered to Viktor that they could catch up later .
tr	I	She whacked it on her thigh and light the came back on .
tr	I	He realized in that instant that the girl no had plans .
tr	I	But he was speaking faster than he usually did , if as he couldn 't wait to tell Luis this news .
te	I	Run along and your fetch father .
tr	I	The big sister Sam probably had never she thought 'd have .
te	I	To her right was a plastic container of large fish , bass or trout , I don 't know really fish .
tr	I	She always was intimidated by him .
tr	I	They expect everything to be handed to on them a platter .
va	I	Horace tagged along until they started to enter the alley to do detecting their .
va	I	So , here 's a debit card for you to use shopping , with enough funds credited at to least give you a good start .
tr	I	The thought of letting Deni go his made feral side want to burst out again .
tr	I	Her was kind very frail in comparison .
tr	I	President was Davis not upset as people became rich from his Empire .
tr	I	Throttling me , forced she me to my feet .
tr	I	There was only one problem : The image of her sister 's sneering face was branded her in mind .
tr	I	Conduct own his investigations .
tr	I	And I must apologize laughing for , young mage .
tr	I	Danny she him called .
tr	I	He walked me towards purposefully .
tr	I	I suppose that ... doesn that 't happen in heaven .
va	I	Her knees dissolved like sugar hot in tea .
tr	I	For the sake of everything that I loved , I prayed that this plan Amy of 's was going to work .
tr	I	It was then that I knew a truce formed was -- between him and me and our families .
te	I	It to wanted be near him .
tr	I	Still , his pounded heart .
tr	I	She returned to the living room wrapped her inside thick terry cloth white robe .
va	I	That that implies there is a World War I between now and then ? '
tr	I	I got lost for few a minutes , and you brought me back .
tr	I	But he his kept head , despite the very unpleasant sensation , and managed to seize hold of the tree in his jaws and wrest it away .
tr	I	As he stood up , he saw the field force behind them flicker and then completely disappear .
tr	I	Tuck didn 't even know it was possible for an unconscious woman to birth give .
va	I	Her chair was close to his , so close could he smell the soft fragrance of vanilla that clung to her clothing .
va	I	She was pulling back in raw disappointment when she belatedly the caught scent of his musk .
va	I	His low baritone voice flowed her into mind like fine wine , intoxicating and delicious .
te	I	She is baby-sitting for her both mom and her neighbor .
te	I	Clearly , he wasn 't the one only having a hard time with their little reunion .
tr	I	Tommy needs like you air .
tr	I	And she did a damn fine job of getting him stop to moping , stop dreaming of revenge , and start thinking how to spin it .
tr	I	Because your stupid ability is acting odd , I myself told .
va	I	He reached out and picked the up letter .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence as we all stared at each other while the irony of what said I sunk in .
tr	I	It me makes wish I had a voice even more .
va	I	Francesca looks from the stack bills of back to my face .
tr	I	As he drew near it became obvious why its leg wasn 't working : most its of thigh had been eaten away .
va	I	She stood frozen and rigid for a pair of quivering seconds , and then her breath escaped in a low , rough cry and knees her buckled .
tr	I	They 'd never liked her much to begin with -- thanks to Barker Reverend .
tr	I	I miss you and Dad God and forbid , Pittsburgh .
va	I	She each eyed of them in turn .
tr	I	I 'm still trying to narrow down it .
te	I	Something tugged at her sleeve as she stood , Victoria and pivoted .
tr	I	I think she 's waiting for a chance for the shield to weaken enough that she grab can Lorelei , or she may have some other plan .
tr	I	He found himself biting back laughter at the same growling time with frustration and something infinitely deeper .
tr	I	I take in a long breath clear then the dry lump in my throat .
tr	I	I glanced back and we watched both a young mom or nanny pushing a tricked out stroller .
te	I	The hull breaches severe were , but apparently had not hit any key components .
tr	I	He put hand his on the door handle opposite ours , but turned around quickly as if he forgot something .
te	I	A sluggish , ultra-violet dawn loomed the over cave entrance while Kate crawled through .
tr	I	As swiftly as I could , without extinguishing the feeble flame of the match with the wind of my motion , I advanced the down great hall .
te	I	It was obviously a quality the men found in amusing the child .
tr	I	Not a chap bad .
tr	I	Danny a pulled seat up to himself falling into it .
tr	I	The officers look at and me nod .
tr	I	I was his best friend in town , yet I 'd made it clear I didn want 't to hang out with him any more than necessary .
tr	I	They put the baby to bed and he pulled her to room their and laid her down .
va	I	He was going to save world the .
tr	I	Gravity yanked him down fast as the wind wrenched the chute away , sending it off gliding like a ghost in flight .
tr	I	They were getting really to know each other well .
tr	I	He picked up the again rock , shifted it slightly , considered it .
tr	I	He blew up his balloon to gain extra hang time , pulling up legs his as the beast leaped and swiped its leafy paws at him .
va	I	It was the news rolling channel , muted and subtitled .
tr	I	He was naked , a draped sheet over his middle .
va	I	She hadn 't seen him in years several .
tr	I	I obeyed , my heart pounding as furiously his masculinity surrounded me .
tr	I	The initial surge with flowed a wave towards the pinnacle as hundreds of panels of varying sizes vented and vanished .
tr	I	If I 'd been screaming because of nightmare my , he would 've heard .
va	I	So shake I my head .
tr	I	I my slid hands behind his neck and deepened the kiss .
tr	I	Jack stepped the into treehouse .
tr	I	They had delayed , frozen the as car followed its flaming destiny into the porn shop .
tr	I	Ruth asked , not clearly interested .
te	I	I hated for so long and I couldn 't distinguish between those men have who destroyed our species and other men .
tr	I	He had to admit that visits to the duke grand 's mansion were made easier by the soft embraces and friendly kisses of the four ladies .
tr	I	I 'm sure 's there nothing you can say that would change my mind as far as that 's concerned .
tr	I	I danced until the sun set and sky the grew dark .
tr	I	Her moved eyes from one face to another .
tr	I	Chilly air caressed my cheeks soothed and some of the burn .
tr	I	That would just make easier things .
tr	I	Laura flew backwards crashing into the small table writing and chairs sitting around it .
tr	I	The whole was concept foreign to her .
tr	I	She could smell the distinct aroma of hot mixtures Chinese .
tr	I	Jerry Fernandez already had nicknamed him Napoleon .
te	I	Emily 's knees weak went .
tr	I	Marcus outshone them all and she could hardly tear her eyes away from him , even though she knew was it a dead giveaway to her feelings .
tr	I	One time last to be together .
te	I	Having become more sympathetic to Celia Shaw , whom I 'd been quite prepared to dislike , I continued along scrolling .
tr	I	They 're all 've I got now .
tr	I	Apparently heroin addicts petty and criminals needed their sleep like everyone else .
tr	I	I felt him rub the tip of his cock my at entrance .
tr	I	I didn 't like feel talking .
tr	I	Hopefully watched she all those old Bruce Lee flicks and learned some hand-to-hand combat because all her weapons were left in the Porsche .
te	I	All they did was increase the hostility we felt for other each .
tr	I	I smiled at him as I recalled the that night gave me this idea .
va	I	That didn 't stop Lea and threw wide a left punch .
tr	I	Your normal way is by fine me .
tr	I	A familiar lock of hair falling over a brow furrowed deep concentration with .
tr	I	A line of paintings hung on the passage wall , of portraits people wearing old-fashioned costumes , staring at him with eyes that seemed somehow alive .
tr	I	Finally , Reuben fell silent , as much from not knowing what to do as respect for the fact that was this what Jim might want .
tr	I	Fin her caught gaze and gave a quick nod of approval .
tr	I	They don 't put even up their own Christmas tree .
tr	I	I said , tilting my head back to stare at the ceiling because I 't couldn look at her right now .
va	I	he managed croak to out .
va	I	Nameless Andrew shook simply his head .
tr	I	And since she wouldn 't be mentally prepared to handle an advance , response her would be honest , unguarded .
tr	I	She traced gently the line of his scar .
tr	I	Brent is a man who lives in the near future , a crumbling civilization where feeds man upon man .
tr	I	He darted back to the door opened and it , looking up and down the street .
tr	I	To respect and protect it , to cherish this gifted freely life , and love this person as is your nature .
va	I	Soon gave Ray up fishing altogether .
tr	I	She might seem tough to the world , as if she had all it together , but Shane knew the insecurities she dealt with .
te	I	You know happens it .
va	I	Liz back jolted , but Tara held firm and wouldn 't let her go .
tr	I	I used a of Rune Silence , one of those that the Silent Brothers used , on the back of your neck .
tr	I	My head jerked so fast nearly I fell over .
te	I	They me took in , hid me from the Empire .
tr	I	I tried to not think .
te	I	A wave of unspeakable relief washed over at me her words .
tr	I	He opened it and up saw a portrait of the women 's young child , who must have been killed in the early days of the invasion .
tr	I	Liam was grinning , but Deni saw the moisture in his eyes , his for sorrow his dead brother never far away .
va	I	Something white in the center the of atrium caught my eye .
tr	I	Wil instinctively realised this was a place of abundance for Indigenous Aboriginal people and they would for want no more .
tr	I	Her shaky smile him begged to pretend .
va	I	He looked the around small room and smiled .
tr	I	That was the first time he 'd hit her , but it 't wasn the most painful , just a glancing blow on the cheek .
tr	I	She wondered how time much had passed .
tr	I	RIO paced outside doorway the .
tr	I	But now Smith Ryder and in less than twenty-four hours .
te	I	He smiled the with warmth an old friend bestows .
tr	I	Kidnapped by Sebastian , rescued the by blade of Heaven .
tr	I	For ever and ever , face his would remain in the State Penitentiary , the humiliation writ large in his eyes .
tr	I	It almost was February .
tr	I	They 'd never made it the to bed .
tr	I	Logan sprinted nearly after her .
tr	I	He belonged ancient in Macedonia .
va	I	He tasted himself in her faintly , but she 'd cleaned herself before coming to back bed , so it wasn 't too strong .
tr	I	There laughter was across the lawn .
tr	I	I 've had confirmation reliable .
tr	I	We 'd just been discussing it before I left room the to speak to Corrine .
tr	I	It probably will not be the police but the military that make the arrests although the will police be there doing the processing and DNA sampling .
tr	I	She decided make to lasagna , figuring it would be straightforward .
tr	I	I don 't what know I would do without Jan. .
va	I	He slipped silently beneath the arch into the citizens ' quarter wove and in and out of the dark but eerily noisy houses .
tr	I	After putting the secret cell back where I hiding was it , I put the car in drive and went back to the ghetto .
tr	I	I kept myself going in the same as direction best I could .
tr	I	His slid fingers from her hair .
tr	I	He waiting was for the first sounds of movement in the basement , so he could go down .
tr	I	Sometimes it was nice just to do nice something for another person .
tr	I	Blood squirted from his wound in thick a geyser .
tr	I	I done was playing around .
tr	I	Fate was smiling down on today her .
tr	I	I to want come clean , tell him everything .
te	I	But something happened else .
tr	I	I ran my hands over my face , as one aspect became clear ten more no made sense .
va	I	It was either a coincidence his or eyes were broken again .
tr	I	She could even do a pickpocketing little from whoever she could catch a ride with .
tr	I	To be twenty-five years old and still a virgin ... it was unheard of to knowledge his .
tr	I	She joined him at the window and linked arm her in his .
tr	I	What are all these other women differently doing ?
tr	I	Delilah followed Boone into motel his room .
tr	I	Maybe he nervous was .
te	I	I asked , to trying keep him talking .
tr	I	The forest was fighting to reclaim its space as as hard they worked to keep it back .
tr	I	Twenty feet from the crater is a muscled single arm with no sign of a body .
tr	I	It 's all wasted effort at that point , only the good it serves is to soothe somebody 's conscience .
tr	I	Released from the burden , nearly he jumped to his feet .
tr	I	Noelle 's eyelids fluttered response in to his voice but David refused to acknowledge it .
tr	I	Hitoshi nodded in agreement , as if he had almost been expecting such a scenario -- Araki directed him to sit stood and over him .
tr	I	He on nodded general principles .
tr	I	She flinched when he sat the on edge of the bed .
tr	I	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to people other .
va	I	But there was that something looked almost ... almost lost about him as he stood , staring out the window .
tr	I	All the same she felt useless while Duncan scrambled around securing lines and straightening sails the .
tr	I	The rest come would .
tr	I	I slip on my jacket as I step out the onto porch and into the snow .
tr	I	She eased them his from hold .
tr	I	The document was market Top Secret and Robert was surprised as he the reviewed contents that they 'd passed it to him .
tr	I	Things may happen , loves may come and then lost be , but home is where they 'll always welcome ye back .
tr	I	I take off my hat and swipe at the sweat on forehead my , feeling like a complete idiot .
tr	I	She didn 't have explain to why to Summer .
tr	I	Maybe there is reason a your parents gave up on you .
va	I	A long metal case rested on the floor near his feet , and one of the walls had a thin aperture , sealed by steel a shutter .
te	I	There 's one not familiar star .
tr	I	The lushness her of body completely overwhelmed him .
tr	I	' He 's only three , enough young to adjust -- so the psychiatrists tell me . '
tr	I	Show him around , him help understand the operation .
tr	I	Now she enjoy could sex once more .
tr	I	He knew he was still alone not .
tr	I	Sabine lifted her hand and sent a line flames of racing toward him .
tr	I	I belatedly opened my to mouth scream .
va	I	Pope bowed his head and the shadows formed his over eyes again .
tr	I	Releasing her wrist , she came down on his lap and felt his curl arm around her midsection .
tr	I	I in asked disbelief .
tr	I	But I flail like animal an .
tr	I	On the terrace , one of the men was talking on the phone while the other up scanned and down the beach .
tr	I	Which probably wasn very 't well .
tr	I	He couldn remember 't .
tr	I	She snuggled into my shoulder , her auburn snaking hair across my chest .
tr	I	A dozen of them , and they were still coming out of the woodwork , grabbing her , keeping from her moving .
tr	I	I him took to a movie first .
tr	I	Nowadays I would 've thought only the spitting part instead of saying it to his face .
tr	I	There were a bunch of them , drawings of dismembered bodies , hands with their fingertips on fire ; strange things floppy .
tr	I	She currently was enrolled at Yale University .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't the hit mark .
tr	I	He looked down and stared at the tips of shoes his .
tr	I	Then Milne brought a hand to her mouth suppress to a cough .
tr	I	I feel like retching at attempts her at flirting .
tr	I	Shane twisted around awkwardly the to limit of his ability .
tr	I	Perhaps she was just in a huff because the of Ball tonight .
te	I	Julie Nora and fall sleep .
tr	I	There was something off about nonchalance the the Devil displayed .
tr	I	Misty skepticism 's rose .
tr	I	The Forgotten were closing in us on , stepping across the toadstools into the circle , glowing eyes fastened on me .
tr	I	Is that You why brought me here ?
tr	I	You can tell your father I 'll pay for the damages well as .
tr	I	I went to side his .
tr	I	He took two steps more .
tr	I	I can 't this keep cat .
tr	I	He says dragging her of out the room towards the dining hall .
tr	I	She had run into a group of frat boys once that acted had like they ran the school ... and were still thirteen .
tr	I	She wasn hungry 't though she 'd only eaten a few bites the entire day .
tr	I	And that only meant one thing .
va	I	It managed to block flow the of blood and allow coagulation .
te	I	It would be the last tear that left I here , and that made it special .
va	I	I enjoyed sharing these innocent gazes with every Darryl time we were in class together .
tr	I	When one of the most feared drug dealers in the neighborhood wants to drive you home , let you him drive you home .
tr	I	She still could taste him .
tr	I	I 't can be sure .
tr	I	She kisses rained all over his face .
tr	I	I could have stayed all here day , taking in the melancholic beauty of a forest frozen in time .
tr	I	She frowned at me until coaxed I the Blue Beetle to life and pulled out .
tr	I	But Emma different felt all the same : lighter somehow , less alone .
tr	I	His slow perusal caused my toes curl to .
tr	I	But driving through Middlebury I lucked out stumbled and onto a signpost at the junction with Route 7 North , so I turned .
tr	I	She 'd done it simply reaction by .
tr	I	They were surrounded by reporters trying still to get a rise out of Chris and Duff .
tr	I	He whirled on around me as I closed the door .
tr	I	I ask , reducing the space between us as I inch closer to instill more fear and hopefully break him down he if 's hiding something .
tr	I	I sunk a back bit .
te	I	He shrugs the jacket on , suddenly and magically becoming the Sean Kendrick I saw in the butcher shop as does he .
tr	I	The two bikes suddenly disappeared as they dropped the into hole .
tr	I	The only person who 't didn seem to be seething over what had been said was Ty .
tr	I	' Fly us down there , ' I said , pointing at Librarian the army camp outside the city .
va	I	It was the very first time he was in apartment her and he was curious how she lived .
tr	I	But stupid or not , he wasn 't giving up her again without a fight .
tr	I	She cried because could she feel the gossip rustling through the court , her barrenness a regular topic of closed-door conversations .
tr	I	Was she really going there , from right the beginning ?
te	I	Up that until moment , it hadn 't occurred to her that she would do anything but wait to hear from the police .
va	I	Twitch up sat , stretching .
te	I	But Hunter 's grim glance her stripped of even that fragile hope .
te	I	Sergeant Anderson stared up at him , eyes open wide terror with .
tr	I	You make her think that you are sitting down the across table from her , ready to play her game .
tr	I	As Emma scrolled the through posts and notes , patterns began to emerge .
tr	I	Of course , he had written his down biggest fear as being something silly , like bankruptcy or spiders .
tr	I	The black indicated Cadillac an ominous visitor .
tr	I	Swinging round keeping and low , Ezio hurled a fourth man over his back onto the granite .
va	I	If you would like to share book this with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each reader .
tr	I	Like wasn Dawson 't just a thing that had died , but a person .
tr	I	An old shot his of parents and more recent ones of Joe and Nell .
tr	I	Eli his balled fists .
tr	I	Cora grabbed his hand and until tugged Jess let him go .
tr	I	I already 've destroyed it all .
tr	I	I have assigned The Lotus for Palace your future residence .
tr	I	You healthy look , for once .
tr	I	I have a ship that will carry you all to a new world , if you only will put your faith in me .
va	I	She reached into her dress and pocket pulled out a white paper bag .
tr	I	She just to needs wear green more often .
tr	I	Good herbs , not bad the on sauce .
tr	I	She had to on hold to it .
tr	I	The top of the case was glass tinted , which partially dimmed the blue light .
tr	I	This woman had called him those things for one simple reason she : was utterly , unequivocally , batshit insane .
te	I	I just don 't want her to I think 'm making her choose me over her own freedom .
te	I	I 've realized can I 't live without Abbey .
tr	I	He couldn 't it believe .
va	I	He threw his up hands .
tr	I	I 't can think right now .
tr	I	I know a terrific girl who is incredible a in lot of ways but being blind is not one of them .
tr	I	He and chuckled kissed my forehead affectionately .
tr	I	I know you better you than do . '
tr	I	What if he had one believed way or the other ?
te	I	His fingers over brushed her arm .
tr	I	Joanna put a to finger her mouth , not following why he was bringing this up right now .
tr	I	He shook his head as Zane came him at .
tr	I	My thoughts were a racing million miles per minute .
tr	I	That 's what was it .
tr	I	Sebastian no had words .
tr	I	She shakes her head , her hands stretching out the hem to show me more even of her long , lean legs .
te	I	Anxiety crawled down my spine , and I my shook head , dismissing the thoughts .
va	I	Lots and lots drugs of .
tr	I	Do you know what my mother said to me the last time I her saw ?
te	I	I was even able to buy a Paul beautiful blue cashmere sweater while he wasn 't looking .
tr	I	But before you leave us to get on with our business , you might like to remember this that is not your domain .
tr	I	I realized was it too soon for me to say those words to her .
tr	I	How the hell did she get crossbow a through the metal detector ?
te	I	Before he could pull it out I ran up to him and him stabbed in the thigh .
tr	I	He pulled her toward the door and took a large manila out envelope of his briefcase .
tr	I	He strolled to over the other man and when he spoke , he made sure it was just loud enough for Emma to overhear the conversation .
tr	I	If he started , he wouldn 't stop she and 'd freeze .
te	I	Some accounts contradicted others , there but was one thing they all agreed on .
tr	I	There was possibly limit no to how often the view could amaze you .
tr	I	This is when the friends had an opportunity leave to the cockpit and take a better look at their new dwelling place .
tr	I	He looked at her as if she were one Brannigan of 's premiere chocolates that he 'd like to unwrap .
tr	I	What made you bring sword that in here ?
tr	I	I used all my strength stop to myself screaming out .
tr	I	Stephanie laughed -- the kind of that laugh escapes uncomfortably when encountering an unexpected question .
tr	I	Why didn 't call you me ?
tr	I	I fumed I when met with the twins .
va	I	You lot keep pompous your noses up so high , you 'd never see her .
tr	I	She retreated a few steps she until could just see across the street .
tr	I	From his balcony he watched children on the street below Saturday playing morning tag .
tr	I	She walked immediately back and glanced in .
tr	I	He knew how to run a negotiation and knew all well too that the first man who spoke , lost power .
te	I	That my 's point .
tr	I	He finally got the window with up a screech of wood against wood that made me jump .
va	I	she asked , then steeled herself for what to was come .
tr	I	I wanted to lock my fingers his in hair .
te	I	His warm tongue enters my mouth and he like tastes Jack and smells like cigarette smoke .
te	I	We waited what felt like an eternity but one no came or went .
tr	I	Suddenly , a second loud creak was heard , accompanied by a gush fresh of air and a tidal wave of exterior sunlight .
tr	I	There is more and more evidence of a German connection this about case Marion .
tr	I	God only knows how he many 's been in outside of school walls .
tr	I	Chase grinned broadly as figures two approached them ; Emerson and a tall , red-headed man .
tr	I	The professor started talking , but I couldn 't hear what he was above saying the throbbing in my ears .
va	I	They had ropes wrapped around his neck and at least thirty men were to trying pull the beast to the ground .
va	I	Then I write across the furniture and the floors and walls the .
tr	I	Where could be they if they weren 't at the house ?
va	I	Verena Rose Yancy was attractive an woman in her late sixties , blessed with a secure income and her own home .
tr	I	Our forces were being down dwindled , falling apart to her might .
tr	I	It 's never really like those TV shows , where the bad guy suddenly has an attack conscience of .
tr	I	Her gray-green eyes are turned toward me , and confused anxious .
va	I	And Special Agent Zane Garrett sat up where from he lay sprawled on the asphalt , his chest soaked with blue paint .
tr	I	Frank stood up on shaky legs , giving vent to his with feelings a final kick at the Asian 's ribs .
tr	I	Can 't tell you ?
tr	I	If he said yes Cissy to , the factory would go elsewhere .
tr	I	And of course my boarders have been informed fully .
va	I	We 't don want to be special , remember ?
tr	I	Archer wanted know to .
tr	I	And Damien ... Damien is husband my .
tr	I	The more I heard , more the curious it seemed .
va	I	The hire company can send my luggage back to me or they can chuck it all the in dumpster . '
tr	I	Trying to life imitate .
tr	I	It seems the mercenaries are on the move more once .
va	I	' I think might it be . '
tr	I	Why , then , didn 't go she ?
tr	I	Had I locked the car I when left ?
tr	I	The Prince was clearly the in ruler Hell .
tr	I	Did he he feel had failed in that duty ?
va	I	Avalon walked slowly past , not entirely convinced that I be would .
tr	I	Her pulse still hadn 't returned normal to when she decided she couldn 't remain down here .
tr	I	I twisted body by around to see what Rourke focused on .
tr	I	I don 't if care you did it .
tr	I	The last time she shared some personal information about Holiday Burnett with , Holiday had flipped .
tr	I	Seeing the labels , a jolt ran through him : They all had skulls -- that universal sign poison of .
tr	I	His new faltered confidence .
va	I	I can no longer or inhale exhale .
tr	I	Engines in roared the sky above the estate .
tr	I	Refusing to shake his hand would be insult an .
tr	I	Just putting one foot in front of the other was like lifting a of block cement and slamming it down , over and over .
va	I	Her olive smooth skin unfazed by grief and loss .
tr	I	He knew he was trouble in when he saw the ticket line .
tr	I	He released her * cl t to grip her hips .
tr	I	Her hand holding the cane followed different a circumference when she reached the ninety degree mark in her flip .
tr	I	Tossing his helmet aside , he strode toward the fallen knight and knelt him beside .
tr	I	Jimmy watched his best closely friend for several seconds as she stared into the fire .
tr	I	Obviously he was completely unconcerned whether she with stayed him or not .
tr	I	Every time he watched Mairi 's attack reenacted , it would not be some unknown actress ' face he would see with white fear .
tr	I	It still was , a pale stone building along set the square .
tr	I	I dusted off myself and crawled over to it .
tr	I	He struggled free to himself , smoke already steaming from his wounds into the cold night .
te	I	Ian 's other crew members begin to up speak .
tr	I	My cries soul out for her .
tr	I	He is apparently ill quite .
tr	I	It wasn 't that he hadn 't been thinking it for a long time , out but loud -- that made it official .
tr	I	Lucas down walked the ward .
tr	I	Emma obviously not had .
te	I	Some were fun , some witty even .
tr	I	The elegant sweep of brow his and proud curve of his nose .
tr	I	He could shoot me now right .
tr	I	I had cases several requiring my attention today .
tr	I	But when she studied her surroundings , she she knew was in an underground chamber .
tr	I	Old Jude has backed into a corner the of boat .
tr	I	He opens car the door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	I	Paddy hurried after the man who had inside gone .
tr	I	He pushed his finger against the glass , where one of the stars closer -- or bigger , he couldn 't tell -- resided .
te	I	It my tore heart out .
tr	I	Following a path cycle , Claire walked around the edge of the lake , beneath the autumn trees , kicking at the fallen leaves beneath her feet .
tr	I	That 't didn sound right .
tr	I	Someday and you Neal will both be happier .
tr	I	The knocks came a in straight sequence of four .
tr	I	After all , Levana was the one who had raised her to her position current , bypassing several candidates with more experience .
tr	I	The Tuscan with countryside its rolling hills was begging for my attention .
tr	I	In his spare time did he a lot of open source coding .
tr	I	Having a man grown help me in and out of a car is hard on the ego .
tr	I	Valeria tried to hold on to Lea as as long possible , before the referee had to threaten Valeria with taking points away from her .
tr	I	How did know Malcolm the mime so well ?
tr	I	When the display announced that his was text delivered , he exhaled , relieved .
te	I	Simon said , a note of doubt his in voice .
tr	I	I will take care of if you they come !
va	I	Hawk didn 't like the look things of .
tr	I	The ceiling was an slab intimidating with the head of a nasty goat looking at me .
te	I	Upon a reaching required speed the foliage at the top of the oak descended and rose again in an instant .
tr	I	They were speaking low and furtively , but they were near , and nearer coming .
tr	I	And she was virgin a , Papa .
tr	I	His blue sparkled eyes as he held her gaze .
tr	I	He had one in lip his , too .
tr	I	Jim 's voice above peeled the maracas .
tr	I	Well , that was help no .
te	I	After a few moments she spoke , her again voice surprisingly deep and accented .
tr	I	After class , Scarlett decided to a do little research .
tr	I	He was to about ascend to the surface when this incident occurred .
te	I	Don 't fret you about it .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating , and the fell floor out from under me .
tr	I	It was - loud almost deafening - but not noisy .
tr	I	It did not take long , though , before we more encountered kids .
te	I	I 'm sure the Miami office has notified been , and there 's probably a set of eyes not too far away .
tr	I	His voice was gentle I and wondered what he was getting at .
tr	I	What it was like ? '
va	I	I would sorely miss sharing the highs and lows our of business , and seeing the dancing in her eyes about the adventures we encountered .
tr	I	Valentine sat back , his hands behind head his .
va	I	Wouldn 't she be here safer in the palace ?
tr	I	Just this one more time , Cristina told herself as she let him her take over .
tr	I	His grandmother picked pieces of meat and fish from various and dishes put it on top of Dan 's rice bowl , urging him to eat .
tr	I	But I don want 't to force you .
tr	I	Nuala at looked me .
tr	I	He settled comfortably on the edge of the pool let and the peace of a soft , early summer night and the murmur of water soothe him .
tr	I	Perhaps guilt making was him devious too .
tr	I	She looked him at , impatience swirling in the turbulent blue-green of her eyes .
tr	I	We ended up eating sparingly we as hiked .
te	I	The result that is bad years are very few and even bad years affect only fractional bits here and there .
tr	I	I could blame my slowness on the alcohol , but by the time we left club the , I was sober .
te	I	Schedules , times to up meet .
tr	I	Unless I was ready to stoop shoplifting to .
tr	I	There was a on silence the Rome side of the call .
tr	I	Swirls of misty air stream away from her wingtips as she performs aerial an dance of joy and contentment .
tr	I	Crista felt herself pulled to the edge of the pool , and a murmur swept the chamber when she stepped onto the thick root kelp of .
tr	I	It seemed important they that know that .
tr	I	I do 'll anything .
tr	I	It wants be to solved .
tr	I	Would it kill her or do something to make her or harmless would it make her mad enough to kill him ?
tr	I	Tanya turned and down continued the hall .
tr	I	My hands are shivering and twitchy , but I feel more in now control that the worst has passed and I am alone on the roof .
tr	I	I brought eraser the board out of retirement on Christmas morning when my parents phoned in for a video chat .
tr	I	Small restaurant chimneys , air conditioners , wires , and counters electricity protruded from the buildings ' backs .
tr	I	He did get opportunities some , at the school .
tr	I	A large tree mirror , with its glassy bark , was growing over what had once been the doorway .
va	I	Greg hesitated , but took Julie the moment and pulled away from her stepfather .
tr	I	It didn 't appear to a be comment that was needed right now .
tr	I	The guy was steps two from being inside my condo .
tr	I	Glad to be safe in her little motel , where was she needed , where nothing would be done right if she wasn 't there .
tr	I	Julie gave a smile to Lea and started to embarrassed feel about going off like that .
tr	I	He let 'd her down , and she 'd turned to the dog for comfort .
tr	I	I raise a tired arm to what I can see the of frozen and beaten Kraken ship ahead .
tr	I	Because every time you aren 't there to pick her up I can assure you will Cage be .
tr	I	His hand right was next to the lock .
va	I	Nick waited as the helicopter landed on the private Acheron airstrip used when he visited .
tr	I	It looked like she 'd been crying and her clothes seen had better days .
va	I	My heart stutters , as has become usual my reaction since meeting Alec .
va	I	There is easy no answer .
tr	I	And you welcome are anytime .
tr	I	Thursday October 04th 1984 ' Oh God , look at the time . '
tr	I	We 'd launch the MAV to have it act a as satellite .
tr	I	I know every single date Lila me sends on is destined to crash and burn because of the way I feel about Aston .
tr	I	Calvin knew diving in now be would pointless .
tr	I	For the first time , noticed she that innumerable vampires were crowding at the door to Vad 's room .
tr	I	I felt 's Fred eyes on me .
tr	I	She pointed to herself and then placed that on finger the desk and made circling motions as if it were her swimming .
tr	I	Not to be outdone , Byron up stepped the intensity of his attacks too .
tr	I	3 Chase dreaming was .
tr	I	Right now , with conversation flowing all around her and everyone seemingly having a good time , Raven experiencing was classic signs of overload .
tr	I	Someone needs to something say funny .
tr	I	His lips crushed mine , swallowing my cries as he pounded back me into the concrete wall .
tr	I	But the rest of this looks like it came right out of old an picture .
tr	I	To be mired in deceit sin and ?
tr	I	They all worked in different places and they all had completely lives different .
tr	I	A small window allowed a view into visitors the ' room and he stared through it .
tr	I	Second , we can 't pay these men and the counties will unwilling be to do so .
tr	I	She took one big breath and lifted her head off the wheel to if see the storm outside had subsided .
va	I	There is letter a code identifying each one , so the first is A and the last is Z .
tr	I	As usual , just looking at her made him good feel .
tr	I	Rema stood , waiting to be acknowledged and permitted enter to .
tr	I	She her tapped glass .
va	I	At the sound , Trevor looked from up the journal and turned his head to see who had just entered the library .
tr	I	I was still very much new the kid on the block , and more than happy to stay that way .
tr	I	How dare this privileged rich question girl my story ?
tr	I	But no wounds gaping .
va	I	Texas had aloof stayed .
tr	I	She being hates reminded of the past .
va	I	Ryder nodded and closed his eyes again , and soon his breathing and slowed deepened and he was asleep again .
tr	I	She felt as she if had just met him .
tr	I	Kellen 's image suddenly in rose my mind , and I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	I	It wasn 't even a matter of not me having money .
tr	I	She thought 'd it .
tr	I	I screwed the caps back on the polish bottles and put on them her desk as she inspected my work .
tr	I	Gradually the began trees to thin .
tr	I	Look to forward it . '
tr	I	She grabbed Heather hand 's .
tr	I	Damn , what had done she ?
tr	I	And if you disrupt it , are there consequences .
tr	I	Until this moment , she had been fully prepared to live out the rest of days her as a spinster .
tr	I	If were he , he had been a despicable cur , taking advantage of a young noblewoman like that .
tr	I	She considered him briefly , then glanced around the room , becoming aware that people most had finished eating and were leaving the great hall .
tr	I	Was it his she soul was after ?
tr	I	Rupert responded by raiding several nearby Parliamentarian fortress , but found them all empty the of much needed guns .
te	I	Cassie tried to her control expression .
tr	I	All the loved ones would they never see again .
va	I	We can 't go zipping around all over the place and I 'm not even how sure we manage to move between the two worlds .
tr	I	Luc 's narrowed eyes .
tr	I	The camera pulls back Keating from to reveal Laura still standing there by his side .
va	I	There movement was behind me and before I could register this I was gently rolled to my back .
tr	I	She tried to memorize the stall 's location and the color of the man 's balloon , a of patchwork varying shades of deep purples .
tr	I	I hold my tighter arms around myself .
te	I	He stared at bed the , wanting nothing more than to crawl in beside her and hold her tight .
tr	I	' Doodle his and friends break out . '
tr	I	She couldn 't see any visible signs of or swelling outward ruptures .
tr	I	I talked with Matt days two ago .
tr	I	Jan stepped out the of shadows of the porch 's corner .
tr	I	It was frightened off something by .
tr	I	Another person to close me , gone .
tr	I	It time was to leave .
tr	I	The line defense of is the doctor .
tr	I	he said , moving still his feet this way and that .
te	I	His tongue slid over his bottom lip , and Lexi 's seized lungs to hold back a moan .
tr	I	You 'd be foolish if you don do 't the same .
tr	I	Almost before his sailors had the made ship fast , Barak was coming up the long flight of granite steps to the Citadel .
tr	I	We we thought might see if we could hire one of the smaller hostels and invite all our friends for the weekend .
tr	I	Workers were trying to do what they could to fix it , a but few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure .
te	I	Leslie her dropped hand and gave her a break .
tr	I	She refused to consider the body in river the was Blane 's .
tr	I	Online message boards were daily with filled new angel sightings , none of which rang true to Karou .
tr	I	It amazed him that she had chosen this moment to commit herself to life their as Carpathians .
tr	I	Knowing Julian , were you sure he didn 't take girls very seriously .
tr	I	I sort wish of he did .
tr	I	My mind screams to tell my body to stand and up fight -- get away from them and get to Junie .
tr	I	Ty knew his partner better than did Deuce .
tr	I	In comparison to his usual entrance , the effect startling was .
va	I	You aren 't a rough puncher cattle .
tr	I	In front of him , Daniel a saw chubby tree with long , brown pine needles .
tr	I	For moment a his eyes opened , staring at her with fierce resistance .
te	I	A thick hickory stick which filled out to be about nearly the width of a bat baseball , only flat around the edges .
tr	I	I shall no longer the see sun or stars or feel the winds play on my cheeks .
tr	I	He at frowned Mari .
tr	I	He pulled them to up her waist and ( after a few more opportune kisses ) zipped them up , buttoned them , and buckled her belt .
tr	I	Cautiously he followed the cart , drew which up behind the station .
tr	I	Mortal men came only ever to or challenge as captives , never as a willing victim .
tr	I	As he watched the roll-up screen , Kenny wondered why they would have made a tunnel such to a useless room .
te	I	He didn 't have bow his , but maybe they could snatch one of the pistols worn by the Horns guarding the clearing .
tr	I	You wouldn 't have been able to understand , and you have would upset her .
tr	I	Yusuf looked him at .
tr	I	With a sigh , rolled Isabella back against her pillow and stared up at the ceiling .
te	I	My abrupt stop caused Cologne ram to into my back , shoving me forward .
tr	I	A grin appeared on woman the 's face .
va	I	Mike as paused he stared at the two young men .
te	I	She avoided my gaze Grandma while stared at me with a worried expression on her face .
tr	I	Alice perked up the as scenery began to scatter and the blackened buildings of Old Town sprang up around them in a concrete smoke .
tr	I	That , knew she how to do .
tr	I	And love definitely , But protection ?
va	I	They saw not the sunrise , they felt not breeze the .
tr	I	Susannah filled the mugs and set aside them to steep .
tr	I	He 's going to be something else , else someone .
va	I	French and Flemish dialects blended together in hallway the .
tr	I	He 's being stubborn , like every man does when something wrong goes .
va	I	' Are making you any progress ? '
te	I	He took her into his arms and her carried into a room on the first floor .
tr	I	Her sister already was so angry at the world .
tr	I	It was closed for twenty-four on hours Sunday .
tr	I	We waved and smiled at everyone important , at everyone we were supposed pay to notice to .
tr	I	Her depended survival on it .
tr	I	Wouldn mind 't having some special ability or power for myself .
va	I	I wasn 't sure how long it had been but I was woken up by a knock on the door front .
tr	I	And all needed she to grasp that power was to get the secret out of a man that was already eating out of her hand .
tr	I	He nodded imperceptibly and turned to head to back the of the car , pulling our luggage out .
tr	I	Cole 't wasn capable of love .
tr	I	Rhapsody turned her speaker phone all the way up as 's Melody voice began singing sweetly through the airwaves .
tr	I	I asked , meeting not her stare .
tr	I	How , I asked , does faith your in God square with the off-campus parties your fraternity holds ?
tr	I	Jase grabbed my foot and repositioned it on knee his before continuing to forage for the glass .
tr	I	What if I want freedom my ?
tr	I	The truth is hidden the in pools of sadness in her eyes since we started talking about Dad .
tr	I	Dear Lord , he looked hot a carrying skillet .
te	I	Harvey telephoned Udell David .
tr	I	I was starting to smell the ; blood I breathed deeply through my mouth and tried to concentrate on something else .
tr	I	Nobody else had gotten in line , and people passed eyes with cast down .
tr	I	She began licking her at grotesque arm and I realized she was cleaning herself .
tr	I	He dabbed at head his , cursing again .
va	I	He opened his eyes with start a , then burst out laughing .
tr	I	She smiled , thinking that the monkey very was soft .
te	I	I stand by decision my .
tr	I	There noises were beyond .
te	I	The telly wasn 't even on , he didn 't even a have drink or nothing .
tr	I	He my covers hand with his .
tr	I	He worked in Packers the , too - butchering hogs .
tr	I	Just past the stairs to the basement she found open an door and looked inside .
te	I	Matt and Jenny sat on separate couches , not deliberately looking at one another .
va	I	She stared at the soldier 's body again , this time with twinge a of fear .
tr	I	136 ° afternoon F. .
tr	I	Lucien grinned down her at .
tr	I	I didn 't mean kiss to him back , but my eyes fluttered closed and I did .
tr	I	Nick stopped in space a right in front of the brightly lit building .
tr	I	My thoughts wandered as she continued to pick out clothes for me , they insisting were cast-offs she never wore .
tr	I	Shane was surprised when a stole blush over her cheeks .
tr	I	Alex hops onto the stone table and sits on the edge with legs her dangling off the side .
tr	I	But they must known have something .
tr	I	Our activities ranged from the typical tourist attractions , like the Statue Liberty of , to strolling through festivals and eating our way through the city .
tr	I	I have talked to of some your friends and family members .
tr	I	Clipped his belt and propped the slip of paper the against instrument panel .
te	I	The skin on her face and was arms red and her face starting to swell up .
tr	I	The baby trapped rainbows in it were dancing up a storm , swirling around as if kicked up by some invisible wind .
tr	I	Something else he 'd realized while his mother had been under knife the .
tr	I	She didn 't get see to the wing .
tr	I	That they year had decided to try out a new location , and it had become a favorite for everyone .
tr	I	His shoulder was on fire , but it looked like the shot had gone through right .
te	I	Well , and that the fact that he 'd had the best credentials she 'd seen in ten years .
tr	I	The Divisional Commander had passed on the hierarchy worries 's about a declining crime detection rate .
tr	I	Why he was talking like he knew me ?
tr	I	I was shocked , maybe though I shouldn 't have been .
tr	I	Little sound made it into paths the except from above where the tops of the rock ended at the sky .
tr	I	he asked a with gentle smile .
tr	I	The rifle fired with a loud report and as he watched a car near to where he aiming was exploded .
tr	I	Hanna held them up , letting them sparkle in the light overhead .
tr	I	I as asked my eyes began to water .
tr	I	Ryan returned to Kelly , her finding reclining on the grass , asleep .
tr	I	They were both supremely happy as Rogers moved the horses and turned the carriage to head it back to Haddington estate 's .
tr	I	Ellie was she afraid had lost him .
tr	I	His heart was hard beating and strong .
tr	I	She patted the beside spot her , glancing up at him from under her icy lashes .
tr	I	Julian protected him , ensured the poison wouldn 't spread , kept the nightmare away , but you can it remove .
tr	I	Baron Lathan seemed to missing be the point here .
tr	I	I knew we were under serious circumstances , but I just couldn 't look at bright that pink car and take the situation solemnly .
tr	I	He could had have her last night .
tr	I	Every moment she sat there was an act of courage ; it would have been much so easier to drive away .
va	I	He 's hot and a great fuck , I but 'm not going back to Hell for anyone or anything .
tr	I	He 'd that liked window since I could remember .
va	I	She held the leather pouch file in her hands now , as she moved closer to the bed where Hunter was just starting to rouse .
va	I	Why such insistence I that stay ?
tr	I	He was too shocked speak to .
tr	I	As he to continues worship my body , I move my mouth to whisper in his ear .
tr	I	I love life our .
va	I	I loved the idea of seeing my parents every day , and working Walker with .
tr	I	That 't didn seem like enough , and I hugged her closer .
tr	I	She considered anything upwards of bucks fifty a splurge .
tr	I	It 's funny really , the way happened it .
tr	I	The black metal mailbox nailed to the brick face the of house was half open and visibly stuffed with catalogs and other mail .
va	I	No one spoke for a couple minutes of .
va	I	As I grabbed a pair of from shorts the drawer , I heard Amelia call my name from her room .
tr	I	He reached for the tab zipper under her chin .
tr	I	There was else something she had to do tonight .
tr	I	Mac didn 't know , for but some reason , the name intrigued him .
tr	I	' Because won it 't work without it . '
tr	I	I moved my hand slowly toward the object and this didn time 't feel anything .
tr	I	In the months five since his father had passed away , Trevor had been juggling two nearly full-time jobs .
tr	I	Slipping out of bed , Sheree washed up in the basin on the dresser , thinking how happy would she be to get back home .
tr	I	Her hands spread were out on the desk top , her face pleading as she looked intently at him .
tr	I	Black shapes of their own law and element whip about like tentacles as the darkness even grows larger .
tr	I	She 't didn look at him .
tr	I	She made him feel so in many different ways .
tr	I	After all , my told sons me your wolf is a burnished gray .
va	I	Nik to turned Ice , his eyebrows riding high on his forehead .
te	I	Tabitha laughed , a proper laugh neither full of hatred or insanity but instead full the of memory of whatever Jacob was talking about .
tr	I	She missed her every mom day .
tr	I	Then we gave each other hug a .
tr	I	She down sat in her chair .
tr	I	There had been too much time for thought , driving north with all the commuter Sunday traffic .
tr	I	Sierra heard a movement and turned find to Damien standing before her .
tr	I	His body entire tightened .
te	I	I needed to get back to work , but we needed to the clear air .
va	I	Thanks for enjoyable many hours Mickey !
tr	I	The one who radiates presence may but be hard to live with .
tr	I	There was a lot to do , but she had a few weeks before she had finish to her designs for next spring .
tr	I	It stained was with blood .
tr	I	The crowd began reluctantly clapping .
tr	I	This was the first time he 'd sat in front the row of any group of humans , apart from every class in school .
tr	I	A logo for the Princeton admissions committee paraded the across top .
tr	I	There no is chill .
tr	I	He kissed her again , his mouth and hard hungry .
tr	I	Eve yelped , clapped a hand to her wounded cheek , blinked and .
tr	I	Lee said stepping from behind Marlow coming into view the for first time and going over to look .
tr	I	The student body wasn 't a target audience the for local elections , even though Liz was desperately trying to get them more invested .
tr	I	Francesca tried to not let any pleasure sound in her voice .
tr	I	it took a for moment her to answer .
tr	I	She knew for her to survive in the world of fortune fame and she would have to be shrewd , aggressive and unrelenting .
tr	I	Someone placed a blanket over me while was I sleeping .
tr	I	A tear trembled on the of edge one eye .
tr	I	Everything in her said she needed to stand up , get ready fight to .
tr	I	She gave a me tight smile .
tr	I	I edged away towards the window , alarmed at the force he used to jam the gear across stick .
tr	I	Liam seemed to realize this , and put his back firmly to her , walking the to window and looking out .
tr	I	Either he 's ignoring me or he 's seriously into race the .
tr	I	I called from the netted doorway the of giraffe 's legs .
tr	I	Who the are hell you ?
tr	I	Of course campaign donations alone do not murderer a make .
te	I	As the opening credits began , leaned He back , pulling me with him .
te	I	Then we will run in directions opposite for exactly two hundred average sized steps .
tr	I	I thrust my forward hand in an offer to shake his hand .
tr	I	My advisers campaign have decided this should be my new look .
tr	I	She still didn 't look too pleased about his decision , but at least she willing was to accept his reasoning .
tr	I	' I wonder Miss Williams ... ' - John had already explained that Amy was his stepdaughter , with another surname - ' you Do ride ? '
va	I	I that knew piece of driftwood .
tr	I	It was probably best to get him out of the shot little a just in case he felt the need to faint again .
tr	I	She not was surprised to find that they were almost all fiction and poetry .
tr	I	Intuitively he guessed this that was Wellington 's new security centre .
tr	I	Rachel 's 's nostril flare again .
tr	I	He would have to help do me that .
tr	I	Elizabeth the understood impact .
va	I	Actually , he had the Navy to thank for rescuing him from a life crime of .
tr	I	I cluck my and tongue trot onto the practice track .
te	I	The rifle , black and brown and deadly , spooked had me .
tr	I	She flinches away briefly but then on locks and stares at me .
te	I	Among relics the there was a machine that could send the user through time .
tr	I	He Josie thought had ruined him for good .
va	I	But she 't couldn .
tr	I	My eyes roamed over whole a bookcase full of mystery novels .
tr	I	we heard Hollis Rob say .
tr	I	They were friends my .
tr	I	The embrace increased with the emotions suspended that could now be fully exposed .
tr	I	He shifted look to at me better .
tr	I	You not 're literally holding tight , are you ?
tr	I	When she was done that piece she bowed to graciously her host .
tr	I	Why not her smite down themselves , though ?
tr	I	She laughed something at he said , and he bent to kiss the tip of her nose .
tr	I	I Andrew feel place his hand on my shoulder .
te	I	I was about to have that and a grilled cheese sandwich supper for .
va	I	They their shook heads .
tr	I	You will face each other in duel a .
tr	I	Let 's just get where inside it 's warmer .
tr	I	Hardly any protection a against man .
tr	I	A comfortable feeling me wrapped .
tr	I	Lemon was trying to judge where they were , but 't couldn figure it out .
tr	I	If there is another attack on the shelter , I bring will back more people the next time I come here .
tr	I	Something easy that he couldn burn 't or completely destroy .
tr	I	She rests her onto head my shoulder .
tr	I	That didn make 't any sense .
tr	I	Eliminate the prime suspect in the investigation murder .
te	I	She had said , though , that she really didn 't have any she friends could talk to .
te	I	You know of me , you have up grown on the tales of my exploits .
tr	I	He put his hand out and grabbed bit a of the dune to keep himself upright .
tr	I	Ned shifted to see her better and gritted his teeth against pain the .
va	I	He put it on and walked downstairs in just the t-shirt pants and .
va	I	Human stragglers in the area would to try raid the reservation and kill as many as possible .
tr	I	She saw wolves boiling from the forest , red eyes fiercely gleaming , a huge black wolf leading the pack and bearing straight down on Hans Romanov .
tr	I	Not a one single by Sebastian Falke , just a bunch of Disney movies and the like . '
tr	I	He must not proper know etiquette , the darling virgin .
tr	I	Like he had shared some of that power harbored he .
tr	I	But it 's use no .
tr	I	And that was he something never intended to forget .
tr	I	His mouth watered , since he wanted nothing more than to that suck luscious , full pout into his mouth and taste her .
tr	I	She refused to down back .
tr	I	My father died when I an was infant .
tr	I	His coat flapped unfastened , and he 'd forgotten hat his and gloves .
tr	I	His father hand 's rested on Mulberry 's shoulder .
tr	I	All of the lights out were in her house .
tr	I	That was a week ago , meant which that he 'd spent the weekend with Sheila instead of returning to Denver .
tr	I	His head snapped back and stumbled he .
tr	I	He been had in worse spots .
tr	I	He turned away Lucky from and stared at me .
tr	I	The little man forward walked a few steps , relying heavily on his canes .
tr	I	She smiled me at sadly and told me she would be back .
tr	I	Caller revealed ID the station house .
tr	I	I 'd rather left be alone .
va	I	Dmitry leaned the against bar .
tr	I	And there a was ladder attached to the building that reached the top .
tr	I	I I said was okay .
tr	I	Hart rarely showed any effect of drink , so when he did , he was already past far inebriation .
tr	I	An orgasm made all the richer the by love of the woman who held him so intimately .
tr	I	Not in available all states .
tr	I	The female tall fingers the object floating stationary outside the ship .
tr	I	I my close eyes and let my head thud against the cold bottom .
tr	I	I collapsed into Luke 's and arms sobbed into his bare shoulder , filled with shame .
tr	I	The second part said was very confidentially but the girl would say no more .
te	I	Maddy considered answer my for a moment and nodded .
va	I	Turning to Kendra , he gestured toward a door the on other side of the room .
tr	I	Edwardian put his drill back his in miner 's briefcase .
tr	I	I did what said he .
tr	I	A slight breeze into blew our faces as we walked .
tr	I	The lines came in widths various , and some of them were brighter than others .
tr	I	Savannah got up and him hugged .
tr	I	The abandoned residence smelled of mildew and the sour tinge brine of and dried mud .
tr	I	Also , I am confused as to why is she here , watching me .
tr	I	He turned on his heel and stalked out the of kitchen .
tr	I	The would Rivals be apposite enough , for one departing Bath ; but perhaps it should be Love à la Mode .
tr	I	She hadn 't given them a glance backward when she 'd left .
tr	I	He lowered his hands , placing palms both on one knee .
tr	I	He is at the Flight Station Service checking the weather one more time .
tr	I	Now that I can see , looks it like the writing is in a very old style of Latin .
tr	I	My hurt was out creeping again .
tr	I	He narrowed eyes his as he looked her over .
tr	I	He was a local carpenter and marriage had been a discussed couple of times between them .
tr	I	His fingers brushed against the bottom of my left breast and I sucked a in deep breath .
tr	I	Allie gasped and spread her legs , and he felt his 's body instant response .
tr	I	I just nodded and slowly turned head my blankly , staring at my own toes .
va	I	If anyone would tell him what really was going on here , it would be Chevy .
tr	I	She quickly assessed the situation and a formulated strategy of attack .
tr	I	The playfulness vanished his from eyes .
tr	I	And yes , he right was .
tr	I	Stryker always had a way of asking the questions didn I 't want to answer .
tr	I	The call to my bed had been so strong that I was a hostess horrible .
te	I	I managed a smile weak .
tr	I	When she reached down and stroked his hair , he felt if as he had died and gone to Heaven .
te	I	Looking across the dance floor it was clear that the current dance craze was fitting for and spasming , a style Minos had been pioneering for years .
tr	I	She had taken sandals her off and was now sitting on an overturned tree trunk that made a perfect bench .
tr	I	There might be safety no anywhere , but she had to try .
te	I	Okay , maybe just sidekick a to a superhero .
tr	I	She covered his hand with her own trying stop to him from holding her down .
tr	I	' Did you not my receive communication ? '
tr	I	Maybe killing thousand above them as layer after layer city of sunk into the collapsing hole , but finally everything was still again .
tr	I	He could not say what it about was the animal , but it was definitely like Storm .
tr	I	She missed had that , his gentleness .
tr	I	The door open swung , and Jeremy was standing by the doorway irate .
tr	I	' So also for who those do not , ' Sleep said , quickly .
tr	I	Make sure have we the latest technology .
tr	I	Natalie put her arm around my waist walked and me out to the porch .
tr	I	she cried incredulously , her shaking voice .
tr	I	It happened just to be a topic of conversation that had come up before on two or three ( or maybe a few more occasions ) .
tr	I	Cameron scarred 's cheek moved , but the rest of him remained still .
tr	I	I still 't don !
tr	I	I did so a without word , not looking at him .
tr	I	The sound of a scraping match echoed through the entire building and caused momentary spots to form before my eyes , my blocking vision .
tr	I	I stared the at entrance to OMSI .
tr	I	It was to impossible stay mad at Jesse Saldana for acting according to his nature .
va	I	They weren 't much than younger us .
tr	I	Stood alone watching through the casement above the backward engine , her hands pressed into one another , stone cold shaking and .
tr	I	The one place I thought I would be able to escape wasn 't enough strong to take my mind off the pain .
tr	I	Evangeline looked as if she was about to argue , but then she just nodded head her .
tr	I	The aircraft hovered over our campsite again and the whirring noise awoken had me .
tr	I	Give Rick enough to time join him .
tr	I	She thought the music might be coming the through intercom , but when she approached the grill , it was silent .
tr	I	He gave a me quizzical look , but humored me .
te	I	It was everything a woman want could in a home .
tr	I	Just wait a longer little .
tr	I	Only a select few scientists were ever allowed access it to .
tr	I	The air in the sanctum was cooler much than the air out in the corridor .
tr	I	I tried to picture him on a bicycle and the made image me laugh out loud .
tr	I	It was a not cursory glance .
te	I	Little he did know that later on it would take on a far greater significance .
tr	I	So I forced myself to rein in my temper and listen to Madeline 's version of a bedtime story , as full lies of as it was .
tr	I	He lit a and candle read the poster carefully .
tr	I	Allen asked , his voice with rising every word .
tr	I	The creature lay still , its silky chest and rising falling with every breath .
tr	I	It will be the revenge sweetest .
tr	I	The crowd cheered and back slapped each person as his or name her was read .
tr	I	You 't didn make him who he is .
tr	I	And if this whole situation scares you , wait just .
tr	I	The only thing I had left hope was .
tr	I	The man felt the lights in the room grow more intense and his became breathing a little shallow .
tr	I	Greedy people are selfish ; they see themselves as more deserving others than so they spend their lives acquiring wealth in order to prove it .
tr	I	Just as I 't didn when he was captured .
tr	I	As I 'm finishing , I sense him approach me behind .
tr	I	' My dear , ' said she smoothly .
tr	I	He is surprised to be picking Luca from up my house , I know .
tr	I	His gaze collided with hers and held , a black pit beckoning to her fall .
tr	I	Clem certainly hadn 't mated life for .
tr	I	The returned man to his work .
tr	I	But now I saw was that just a ruse .
tr	I	Blake tossed in his cents two worth .
tr	I	It was the first time Allie had Mary heard yell at him .
te	I	He offered a hand to Tucker help up .
te	I	Not the best clothes for fighting in , she thought retrospect in .
tr	I	There , he could regroup decide and how best to reach Perm and his contact .
tr	I	He was saying thank-you for all the times he been had hormonal and weird and I had put up with him .
va	I	Miguel pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and held it to his mouth nose and .
tr	I	Rocking up to gigs with this might you be the talk of the town . '
va	I	Gabrielle was still for pleading Rachel 's safety , but Sexton heard only silence .
tr	I	He stops , stares at a collection of papers in front of him and searches for four pages with same the photograph .
tr	I	She 'd watched die him .
tr	I	' And no sign of it any getting shorter . '
va	I	Her heaved chest and she sobbed .
tr	I	It worth was more than her life .
tr	I	Tom kept playing , baring teeth his .
tr	I	Which she did , making some excuse Claire didn 't hear , and clattered upstairs her to room .
va	I	I called , it and was followed by machine gun fire .
tr	I	I was back in the woods , and she had knife the .
tr	I	The gravel again crunched under feet his .
tr	I	Kings were supposed to be a different little .
tr	I	There are few a grumbles as everyone shifts to greet their partners .
va	I	But he left a of lot books and papers .
tr	I	What was thinking she ?
tr	I	Under my touch , Jacob began to himself calm .
tr	I	I didn 't that expect to happen .
tr	I	The was place sadly devoid of any female charm .
tr	I	' I so think .
tr	I	I was more worried what about Lyla knew .
va	I	He pulled out a match and lit the cigar , the ghost of a smile on mouth his .
tr	I	Connor nearly says spitting in his face .
tr	I	I thought I saw moving something out from the bushes .
tr	I	Single often people used double beds .
va	I	I added a in lower voice .
va	I	Lucifer swiveled round in his chair revealing all of his handsome face and the rest of the masterpiece that was fiddle his .
tr	I	He supposed they once were brought in for questioning and their statements taken , many of them would be free to go .
te	I	For some reason , being on camera and knowing that my confession was going be to broadcast to millions of people ?
tr	I	I shift a little closer so that her thigh touches my hip , and I the feel barest pressure as she returns the contact , accepts it .
tr	I	I unwrapped the blade , was which swaddled in various items of clothing I had woven on previous visits .
tr	I	Daemon 's eyes held a shadow of doubt , a of hint fear .
te	I	But wasn Patience 't finished .
tr	I	Marcia Pappas opens an interest bearing checking account at a local bank in The Villages and out takes an American Express card .
tr	I	Was it her somehow fault he 'd strayed ?
tr	I	Let move 's ! '
tr	I	I past marched him .
tr	I	Total disaster at polls the .
tr	I	You 're the most mother wonderful in the whole world .
tr	I	I put the DVD beside the television , then go into the kitchen grab to a soda .
tr	I	Mark was stalking past to talk to the on guard the gate , ignoring the anonymous soldier .
tr	I	They walked back the to house in silence each lost in his own thoughts .
va	I	His footsteps were as light they echoed down the short hall , and then his bedroom door clicked closed .
tr	I	Daniel ran his hand over head his and darted his eyes around the restroom .
tr	I	We 'll stay until we can some save money .
tr	I	Abbi a took deep breath .
tr	I	He knew to refuse at this would point do his reputation great harm .
te	I	and with that let I go .
tr	I	I could have told them that he innocent was .
tr	I	But I couldn really 't blame him , could I ?
tr	I	The camp was not small with tents scattered around a central clearing and some soldiers sat by fire a having a meal , while others played dice .
tr	I	The whole world seemed compressed a into tunnel .
tr	I	He shared their commitment to community and their in belief tradition .
tr	I	The lesson be must over .
tr	I	It been had a strange day , after all .
tr	I	I simply smiled and Bo took hand my , leading me back to the one smal sanctuary we had in al this mess .
te	I	Aunt Elinor be would with her , she reminded herself .
tr	I	I 'd taken many walks in these woods and Miranda had grown up on this property , but it didn 't really at help night time .
tr	I	I out stare the window .
tr	I	Even empty , the bar impressive looked .
tr	I	We had gotten closer but I still wouldn 't have Jenna trusted with this and Bret had never liked Cade .
tr	I	Oliver cleared throat his .
tr	I	Feeling physically ill , she was unable to contain the tremors of her hands shaking .
va	I	The rest of day the passed quietly .
tr	I	Fighting an with axe isn 't that hard , especially when there 's one edge to it , especially when the enemy comes in a flood .
tr	I	I had just to treat Drew with dignity .
tr	I	So many , exhausted it me .
tr	I	That knowledge ricocheted in her head , and she had to ponder if he was hinting at leaving her .
tr	I	she demanded a with hint of impatience .
tr	I	It 's over and done with and I would do never anything to jeopardize this job .
tr	I	We all 're extraneous , accidents .
tr	I	We at were the top of the island .
tr	I	A new world to needed be colonized .
tr	I	I felt his eyes devour me I as moved around the room .
tr	I	Usually by supported an appropriate and relevant delusional content .
tr	I	Malik wasn 't likely to approve of her stubbornness and independence , and in the end , they would hate other each .
tr	I	I really did masterful a job .
va	I	I didn dare 't touch it , even though I was tempted to throw it on and walk around with it .
tr	I	After I was dead seemed like the right for time me to ponder it .
tr	I	Why can 't just he relax and enjoy the moment ?
tr	I	The frown returned her to face before she grabbed at the sheet to cover herself and rolled away to cocoon in it .
tr	I	Now he knows I something want .
tr	I	She didn 't see the storm clouds , nor did she see the sunrise coming up over the horizon in other the direction .
tr	I	As he saw them , started they shouting and gesturing with their bloodied blades .
tr	I	She didn 't Sampson know 's attack hadn 't been meant to hurt her .
tr	I	He the is most caring , loving , sweet , doting , selfless guy I know .
tr	I	He handed us a pair of keys after he had opened two the doors .
tr	I	If he expressed interest in her , Adrian 's bizarre chivalric were instincts going to kick in .
tr	I	she threatened both and promised , hissing the words through her tightly clenched teeth .
tr	I	She tried to remember where 'd she left her clothes .
tr	I	For most people it flashes by an in instant .
tr	I	She loved the poet in him , the way he expressed himself in his music lyrics and .
te	I	If I just can work out who I am and why I 'm here , maybe I can get out of here .
tr	I	It could 've been anyone , aren you 't all that special .
te	I	His moustache and beard shook with his jaw pointed .
tr	I	But we clues have .
tr	I	asked Gregor , not go letting .
tr	I	And judging by the smell and the abundance of old cans and blankets , there were quite few a of them .
tr	I	He 'd said he 'd brought here her for dinner , but she knew better .
tr	I	He still brandished his sword , and stood at the ready , the corners of his red cape flapping listlessly the in small breeze .
tr	I	Alright , so not the only link , but the only that link made any sense .
tr	I	I rushed out the doors down and the hall , Callum 's footsteps behind me .
va	I	He put the schedule back neatly into jacket his .
va	I	a long bag black on her shoulder .
tr	I	Only aerial the peeked out .
tr	I	When he needed a 's woman touch , he had several lady friends in town who were more than accommodating .
te	I	He actually her made doubt what she had seen with her own two eyes earlier .
tr	I	Some of them didn 't rise again as the tops of their heads had been blown off by the blast electrical .
tr	I	She quickly laughing stopped after reading his thoughts .
va	I	My fingers slipped out of his just she as started again .
tr	I	Since my illness I had been cutting down on alcohol , but the departure from Heathrow this on cold and grey November day justified a celebration .
te	I	He drew on the cigarette and began talking , the smoke pouring out of his mouth nose and .
te	I	The insult obviously went over his 's brother head , but what could be expected from a man who took most things literally and only work seriously ?
tr	I	People begin to whisper , Ethan and stands .
tr	I	All because she 'd asked guy a to give her wings .
te	I	said the Chair Indefinite of Studies .
tr	I	Hate that it ruined my shot at happiness and despise I myself for thinking about it that way .
tr	I	The well hero haired glanced down to see the bulb in his hands .
te	I	Matt helped her out of the car and walked her to the on door his arm , where Caroline 's mother answered the doorbell .
tr	I	Genie then sliced the knight 's head off clean his neck .
te	I	Footsteps sounded and door the swung open .
tr	I	But even if her would father allow it , she couldn 't go back to the Stillwater police force .
te	I	He his inclined head , trying to coax Aly from where she peeked out behind me .
tr	I	Lightning through ripped the lowering clouds .
tr	I	' Oh , for the excellent transport links , ' said Zeus a with wry glance up at the ceiling . '
tr	I	Rif watched horrified , as the stood Immortal up for the first time in two millennia , his bone armor rattling .
te	I	Liz opened the and menu skimmed the choices .
tr	I	Blake shouted an and order the helicopter 's blades slowly started turning .
te	I	He went answer to it .
tr	I	If was Verity thinking of changing lovers , she could damn well forget it .
tr	I	My heart a skipped beat .
va	I	Using my sharp nails , I cut into the fleshy of tips my ten fingers , drawing blood .
va	I	His jaw was bent where from it had been broken and healed back together again .
te	I	Each of his muscles petrified , but he fought through and cupped the side her of cheek .
tr	I	I felt tears running my down face .
tr	I	Unfortunately , the laundry story is true , and the mound of clothes waiting to be put away on my bed threatening is to crush me .
va	I	She reached up caught and it , reflexively .
tr	I	In weeks the and months that followed , his mind played crazy tricks on him .
va	I	But now , after her transformation , could she have been ten .
te	I	The fresh laundry scent of the German hotel 's shampoo up drifted , and he remembered that first kiss .
tr	I	She him wrapped up in her arms and he kissed her repeatedly .
te	I	It was all about the thrill , the buzz , being part a of something that never grew boring .
va	I	He avoided Emily 's gaze , which fine was with her .
tr	I	There no were DNA matches in there .
va	I	Later , I check the comm tower make to sure it 's giving off a strong emergency beacon .
tr	I	Eyes turned to him , but he didn back 't down .
te	I	A Warlord Prince 's first duty to was his Queen .
tr	I	She can feel her face smiling even it though hurts her head .
va	I	I glanced behind me I when heard the soft thud of feet coming downstairs .
tr	I	Then I ran home , locked all the doors , pulled the curtains and hid the in basement .
tr	I	He looks and acts a like loose cannon .
te	I	It faces with me an upright palm .
tr	I	Harry 's eyes up lit .
tr	I	Mr. Big would be still able to operate unless I came up with another lead .
tr	I	Madge her hugged close .
tr	I	Anyway , we liked it because could we pretend we were exercising and doing something good for ourselves and still chat at the same time .
tr	I	' Wow , ' Patrick turned the bottle over and over his in hands .
tr	I	It looked at both them of .
tr	I	That tear was by joined another .
tr	I	I never felt anything real for her but I couldn 't complain about having a like girlfriend her .
tr	I	She stared at me for a moment , then in knelt front of me .
tr	I	Carmine at looked him incredulously .
tr	I	Everyman needed hobby a .
tr	I	Lizzie was asleep in the chair next her to bed .
tr	I	Bob at looked both men as they nodded their heads .
tr	I	I tried to be best the husband I could , helping around the house , and doing my best to romance my wife .
tr	I	But you can help with and lunch dinner .
tr	I	Again Doc pointed the FAY at Ray them .
tr	I	Peter had indeed confessed that the family were rather despairing over Serena predicament 's - she was twenty-five and nowhere near getting married .
tr	I	He looked at him with a eyebrow raised , shook his head and led the way out .
tr	I	Now , could Flattery see he definitely was drifting back .
tr	I	He gave up trying to pretend , swam to edge the , and propped himself up with an arm on either side to savor the view .
tr	I	Horace gave mocking a laugh .
tr	I	Harald his shook head .
te	I	I 've never felt anything that like before .
tr	I	The school I went to before transferred all of my files , and I passed already the courses .
tr	I	Jack glanced at Shotgun , and butler his shrugged .
tr	I	She responded with a passion fired that even more passion from him .
tr	I	I 'm and cold vicious .
tr	I	There was so much hope and fear reflected her in gaze that it made Grace want to wrap her arms around her and hug her .
tr	I	Right from the beginning of time have I known what I would be doing throughout the ages .
va	I	Yves ' shadow bowed low against the silken wall tent .
tr	I	She turned to the band as she finished recital her .
tr	I	The popped white corn coated everything -- the grass , the shrubs .
tr	I	Her head fell against him , she clung to him as beyond the concern for her safety , the pleasure blood her gave him ensnared them both .
tr	I	I can 't explain it , but there 's not something quite right .
tr	I	They had to turn it to sideways get it in .
va	I	Her let grandmother out a long breath and muttered something in Spanish Esme didn 't catch .
tr	I	* * * Charlie glared at her .
tr	I	She 's sticking for up you .
tr	I	The days nights and since , he first saw Andra and losing his heart to her .
tr	I	She wouldn 't mind him helping out of his clothes , he looked a bit uncomfortable .
tr	I	He chuckled shook and his head .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he what 'd been thinking when he 'd decided to come here .
tr	I	Did young paint women their nails in the 1890s ?
tr	I	I could hear smile the in his voice .
tr	I	The band tonight played a mix of pop , country , some hip-hop , and a big few band numbers .
va	I	At his fangs gently her grazing lips , his tongue spiking against hers .
tr	I	Skye turned back to see the no vampire longer distracted .
va	I	Parenthood was not Max in 's plans .
va	I	That caught off-guard me .
va	I	I put my against palm the cool metal of my locker to steady myself .
va	I	Out of the corner of my eye I spot an Bessie oversized .
tr	I	I finally decided a of pair jean shorts and a comfy red tee shirt .
te	I	He had to have known it was impossible us for to be together .
tr	I	The door front loomed but it was the most dangerous exit .
tr	I	Her advised solution met at first with silent disbelief before a series of blinking eyes marked Gabriel 's to attempt process the peculiar instruction .
tr	I	I like adventure as much as the next man , but I 've had far too brushes many with death .
tr	I	I was being smothered , as if all oxygen had suddenly evaporated the from air .
tr	I	Sat on the couch and finished bottle the .
tr	I	What about the that possibility the people believing the Great Escape theory are misguided ?
te	I	It made me guilty feel .
tr	I	Meg 's sounded voice a bit happier .
tr	I	And another time she me asked if she could borrow a dollar for a candy bar .
tr	I	Kiev 's voice echoed in ears my .
te	I	Which way had gone he ?
tr	I	He 'd asleep fallen there , and that old dog had curled up close beside him .
tr	I	Stupid no-good malls strip .
tr	I	Burden pursed his lips , the pondered situation then nodded .
tr	I	I a concealed yawn in vain .
tr	I	A grin flashes across his face but then it vanishes when he notices the box to next me and the journal on my lap .
tr	I	Fire flamed up to shoulder his , the jungle ceiling swimming in front of his eyes .
te	I	Paths twisted and turned , spiraling back within themselves confusing in notions .
va	I	There were no windows in back the compartment .
tr	I	You way were back !
te	I	It 's Sunday a .
tr	I	Holly her put hand on Duncan 's arm , stilling him before could get any closer to Pate .
tr	I	Words around float me .
tr	I	Where the hell I was going to start ?
tr	I	She just didn 't want to get it into .
tr	I	The past year I 'd shared everything , and I mean do everything , with my sister .
tr	I	And to so today 's meeting .
tr	I	I shrugged , figuring it was nothing , and traded the brush some for lotion to smooth onto her face and hands .
tr	I	More than collection a of atoms strung together in the shape of a mountain of a man .
tr	I	We can talk the in car .
tr	I	We 're in the kitchen crying for out loud .
va	I	He could have sworn he 'd felt mother him earlier in the day .
tr	I	The first thing he thought was how wonderfully she Dexter and would get along if they 'd met under the right circumstances .
tr	I	Linking arms with her swain as to if establish her territorial rights and thus warn off any predatory females they walked off already deep in conversation .
tr	I	If you are too focused on me during fight the , you and some of your friends will get hurt , or worse .
va	I	Survival dictated we a choose new one .
te	I	They were talking animatedly amongst themselves , and Jason his raised arms to quiet them .
tr	I	Making it to class seems trivial while I am trying to figure out why a group sociopathic of vampires is attacking my classmates .
tr	I	Only one person know could .
tr	I	Because I had survived when I wasn 't to supposed .
va	I	Naz was about to sit when the search security light switched on and a door squeaked open .
tr	I	He placed her on the front porch , kissed her one last time and asked her father please to take care of her ... and he disappeared .
tr	I	I stopped actually and looked at him .
tr	I	The maple paneling was trimmed in beech and walnut veneers , and lighting soft gave the room a warm and pleasant atmosphere .
tr	I	What does look she like ?
tr	I	Brian could feel his pants being pulled down , along with underwear his .
tr	I	The shape hue and of the room , the texture of the bed , all of it was meaningless .
tr	I	And 's it a lot roomier on Hermes without you .
va	I	I could feel burn tears in my eyes .
tr	I	It disappeared , leaving nothing but bit a of water .
tr	I	He like 's one of the dukes in those romance books you like so much .
tr	I	Stealing it and storing in it Canada out of the owners reach .
tr	I	But if the girl was human and harmless , why hadn 't she listened when Keller shouted had at her ?
tr	I	The Infernal to grappled regain her weapon .
tr	I	A niggling memory of a meteor strike rang a familiar chord one with of Dean 's tall tales .
te	I	Right then , was I willing to settle for life .
tr	I	Andrea 's mouth tight went , the pucker of the word remaining as she frowned .
tr	I	Trick tugs my hand , pulling me closer to side his .
tr	I	Timothy squinted his eyes and squeezed the bridge his of nose .
tr	I	She paused for a moment , squeezing Hirata 's hands the with edges of her fingernails .
tr	I	His voice sounded hoarse and his looked eyes hazy .
tr	I	Ethan , if the RG came you to tomorrow , you 'd do the exact same thing .
tr	I	My exploits on road the made me even more discreet with my clothing .
va	I	Love concentrated the on traffic .
va	I	Two ago months , she just vanished .
tr	I	And would he have been too scared .
tr	I	And Robin really thinks grandma her will be able to help us ?
tr	I	Then again , I don recall 't seeing the Dakota 's doorman .
tr	I	He handed her the glass which she took gratefully , drinking the cool water with one gulp .
tr	I	It had seats on both sides each facing other which were just far enough apart to avoid passengers ' legs being entangled .
tr	I	He shrugged it off jumped and in .
tr	I	Not dead , real not y .
tr	I	His magic soared and for the first time I realized that he may have real feelings me for .
tr	I	The sound of his blood pounded inside ears her , commanding and vibrant .
tr	I	I put up hands my .
tr	I	It hadn 't come the out way I wanted , although it was the only thing I could come up with under pressure .
tr	I	He flashed an smile evil at me , and I cringed .
tr	I	Elizabeth stared at state the troopers gathered inside the garage .
tr	I	Also , you want another look at the man who been 's plaguing your dreams for the last few years .
tr	I	His head was still hung down when he became aware of a shadow and then heard gentle a tap on the window .
tr	I	Once again , he dropped to his knees cupped and her face .
tr	I	I felt green with envy jealousy and consumed me .
tr	I	Her orgasm was so strong she shuddered with it , writhing beneath him , keening his in name an inarticulate sound .
tr	I	There was that word again vein ... .
tr	I	He reached out their but blurry figures faded away into the brightening sunlight .
tr	I	She pinned hair her up on top of her head , clipped on small gold earrings and a pair of gorgeous pink flowered heels .
tr	I	It its opened wings , leaned forward , and pecked violently at the paper , seeming to aim at two specific spots .
tr	I	However , prejudices stem from sides both .
te	I	His dark eyebrows went giving up him a suspicious expression .
va	I	I am the General in Charge of this Project and my only intention is to serve White Eagle , our Guru dear Bird to my very best .
tr	I	She bent over the box , and the opened cover .
tr	I	Today , the sooner he could shed this skin , the he happier would be .
tr	I	Would such peace ever be afforded again him ?
tr	I	It gave me a small thrill delight of .
tr	I	True love ends never .
tr	I	Again , fished he into his pocket for the passport .
tr	I	I get to my at knees least .
tr	I	It was painfully obvious Tara that had had no clue .
tr	I	The shade was gone from eyes his .
tr	I	She tapped her fork against plate her .
tr	I	She only hoped that Colt 's feelings her mirrored own .
tr	I	Every once in a while I I wished had chosen a friendlier horse .
tr	I	She turned her energies to another field of art , the study of ceramics , but I don 't believe fulfilled that her in the same way .
tr	I	Because what the child was learning was not merely facts or basis the of a money-making or even useful career .
tr	I	He turned to face me a with smirk .
tr	I	Kane : I tried to tell you - it a 's power .
tr	I	We were headed opposite directions , so one of would us need to dash down to catch it .
tr	I	Would better work in town for her .
tr	I	I opened door her .
tr	I	All that stuff how about you were suffering fugue states during which you tried to kill yourself .
tr	I	Now , every week I saw the biggest stars in Hollywood making their movies , and was it a wondrous time for me .
va	I	The Warehouse District crowded the edge the of spaceport like a tumor on the city .
tr	I	He was the Jax reason walled himself off from everyone .
tr	I	I could hear the sound of grinding gears , punctuated by ghostly the echoes of screaming riders .
tr	I	It was just ... I don know 't .
tr	I	As soon as the major attack was completed , we our dropped team around the entrance to our old farmhouse .
tr	I	The worst of it was , she could walk away him from .
tr	I	It was a different experience from Kaylie being 's older , biological sister .
tr	I	It wasn 't as she if 'd change her life for him .
tr	I	He drops his voice a to whisper and I 'm surprised I can still hear him .
tr	I	I couldn leave 't !
tr	I	She 's a mutt , built like golden a retriever but black in color .
tr	I	The answer to is that George Washington .
tr	I	His eyes quicksilver , his body hard , quivering want with .
tr	I	A decent garden would go a long way to him keeping in Canada .
tr	I	His features flattened just a bit , just enough to let her know she insulted 'd him .
tr	I	The orphanage does ears have and wagging tongues .
tr	I	She could tell how exactly much those words meant to Wren .
tr	I	It 's a bit difficult when trouble suddenly seemed to find me at turn every .
tr	I	If only he could take care of her needs sensual without having sex - Inspiration lit .
tr	I	Charles vaguely listened to the lecture while he thought of two the days coming his way .
tr	I	If that 't didn work ... he 'd say that the same person who 'd made Alana disappear had made Don disappear , too .
tr	I	I never dreamed our shared , shattered pasts would be stood what in our way .
tr	I	Harper didn 't know it , but he was a heaven sent opportunity for Peter to further his acquaintance with a he woman wanted .
te	I	In April 1957 , an article appeared in Daily Variety Where : to go in April ?
tr	I	Daniel his clenched jaw .
tr	I	First of all , we 're very with happy what you 're doing here .
tr	I	Friends he given 'd every right to desert him .
tr	I	I grab the pillows off the bed chuck and them at the reflection in the mirror of the girl I no longer know .
tr	I	The way feel I about you doesn 't depend on the psychic connection .
tr	I	He turned to see the of love his life standing in the doorway .
tr	I	She could almost have believed he was just being submissive the before woman who would soon become Empress .
te	I	It was his standard response Emma to 's not-so-subtle prying .
tr	I	Their fell shadows across Bilbo 's path , and he looked back .
tr	I	I scanned upper the stories .
tr	I	For the first time in life his , Joe Benson had left a note .
te	I	' A dome might stay active for fifty years or before less becoming dormant .
tr	I	They used the Playstation instead to search the Internet for information and watch Youtube videos into the early morning hours , long after went Karen to bed .
tr	I	In some part of her she sympathized with Chief the .
tr	I	Vincent and smiled grabbed my hand .
tr	I	She asked him about his lunch how and long it took him to walk home .
tr	I	Then more some gunshots .
tr	I	She turned head her to glance at him .
tr	I	What was this 's guy name ?
tr	I	A fearless female little human at that .
tr	I	I 't don know why I cared what she thought , but I did .
te	I	And that with bit of ominous information , Edna and Pearl gathered up their purchases and left the store .
tr	I	His back was to a wall , the battle raging in the square around just the corner .
te	I	Matteo accompanied me to every home game , and heckling the basically stopped .
tr	I	Taking to her bed with him was useless , too .
tr	I	What be will left ?
tr	I	The salesman punctual was .
tr	I	The storm , that blasted storm , he thought as fought he .
tr	I	There are no supernatural for curses me to contend with .
tr	I	The rear wall of the was office paneled in maple .
tr	I	For being a house that three guys occupied , it was clean pretty .
tr	I	But instead of doing what he wanted , you refused to lose weight and he left you you because 're fat .
tr	I	James from yelled the living room .
tr	I	Mama 's finest lace adorned the and edges pink rosebuds adorned the front .
tr	I	Few people on earth ever find their life 's meaning as certainly joyfully and as Paul did those first few years after his conversion .
tr	I	Don 't shy be ; the deeper the better .
tr	I	My curiosity increased as Caleb 's eyes seemed back drawn to Olivia .
tr	I	She turned and glared at him he when chuckled .
tr	I	Meadow instantly put distance between herself Allie and , going back to the game she had been playing .
te	I	Its sweet nectar sweet was and refreshing .
tr	I	There were a few stragglers on the lawn , but had we lost else everyone ?
va	I	They all barely made it outside before the cabin to seemed implode .
tr	I	I squatted next to the small white crosses , hoping my question didn 't me give away .
tr	I	Edwin 's curiosity got the better of his nerves , and he over walked to study the fridge shaped object .
tr	I	I don 't think I had ever him seen look so frightening in all of my years of knowing him .
tr	I	It is only ever about whether something is good the for Nephilim or bad for the Nephilim .
tr	I	CHAPTER FIVE Ellie was dressed and in ready record time , hardly dragging her feet at all .
tr	I	He his adjusted headset and bent over the panel again .
tr	I	I 'm at your service until 's it safe to go home .
tr	I	All I could see was the woman loved I flirting with some tattooed bartender .
tr	I	I 've been a little with busy arrangements .
tr	I	Father employed was as a traffic officer .
tr	I	I my keep head hung low down so Luna can 't see the satisfaction on my face .
te	I	Afterwards , he collected his belongings from the barracks squad room and carried them to new in quarters a room adjoining the dispensary .
va	I	Dani looked away shyly .
tr	I	I opened the to door that dark room to let in more light , went in and looked for Susan and David .
te	I	Not that I 'd seen much of of either them in those 10 days .
tr	I	He just had get to there .
tr	I	The was room lit only by the flickering of hundreds of candles .
tr	I	She paused , a becoming wrinkle appearing her on normally smooth forehead .
tr	I	Simon got know to everyone very quickly .
tr	I	Which I 't don .
te	I	He bent over and kissed the top of my head he as continued to trace my body making my flesh rise under his touch .
te	I	The man was obviously much stronger than Jason , and much more to accustomed violence .
tr	I	She knew was he injured .
tr	I	Samara followed him out the door and ran down the catwalk keeping one hand the on guardrail and the other sliding along the wall .
tr	I	I looked up at to Callum see a similar expression on his face .
tr	I	She nodded , coming up on her knees to inspect the burns around his throat forehead and .
tr	I	Why don we 't drive by ... now ?
tr	I	Once her body limp went , he drew away .
tr	I	She glanced at him washing his hands a few steps farther and downstream found him staring back , waiting .
tr	I	The air by just the freestanding brass globe was shimmering like water .
tr	I	She goes back down stairs the .
tr	I	So far , all my magical interactions been had with Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	I	But that maybe means I need a closer look .
va	I	He reckons it real 's too . '
tr	I	His black eyes were thoughtful as studied he her .
tr	I	Janie wasn 't sure so .
tr	I	He 's had his picture and stolen damaged , and his manservant killed .
tr	I	I don 't like but girls mom says that will change .
tr	I	He suspected that might this prove far more than he could handle alone , despite his reputation .
tr	I	How did not she know this about him ?
tr	I	They got to door the marked ' S ' .
tr	I	Except for now , when she needed him to be first the into breach .
tr	I	Sounds ceased , the birds silenced , it even seemed as the if porch swing stopped swinging .
va	I	He ran his hands up and down her back , the pushing last of her worries away .
te	I	Whatever fellow we do pass on streets the bend down and look away , not showing the least enthusiasm that the King 's carriages are passing by .
tr	I	She had been a comfort on his bad days and a joy on his ones good .
tr	I	A tall figure came running the across parking lot .
tr	I	Every scale on dark his red body glistened in the light of freedom .
tr	I	She struggled to her feet , her favoring impaled leg .
va	I	Melissa opened her eyes and turned to her friend old .
tr	I	She put her lips to ear my , and said very , very softly .
te	I	That Alonso was Vega .
te	I	Trajan looks at dead me and I swallow hard .
tr	I	In my hunt I had also found a loaf bread of and some honey .
tr	I	We in 're a large bright room .
va	I	Grace moved to over Vincent and put a hand on his arm .
tr	I	Chapter We Six had been walking for hours again .
te	I	Tristram went and over perched himself on top of it , his legs dangling freely beneath him .
tr	I	I my clear throat .
tr	I	I even closed my eyes to push the out distraction that was Connor .
tr	I	Dylan 's shoulders slumped and he returned to bed his .
tr	I	I barely got a in say what I wore on a day to day basis .
tr	I	Sandy have must been reading my mind .
tr	I	My mother felt as if she would pass out as her and Tommy exchanged glances horrified and she picked up the phone to dial 911 .
te	I	Yet the emotions she felt with them couldn 't compare to the she ones had with Christopher .
tr	I	I also explained Eden 's temper , something she hadn 't been fortunate enough witness to yet .
tr	I	Chapter 3 Congressman Jones leaned backward his in dark leather chair .
tr	I	They said as nothing they arrived , walked through the lobby , rode the elevator , and entered the room .
va	I	We find will you .
tr	I	Debris littered the road sidewalk and .
tr	I	He how knows much I hate travelling in aeroplanes .
va	I	She resisted the urged to her check phone for the fifth time , to see if they were late or if she was still early .
va	I	His anger had as heightened he arrived at his next target .
te	I	Vin snatched the object as Zane began walk to toward the window .
tr	I	Crawl of out your fucking hole .
tr	I	I muttered something stupid about seeing a spider and glared over at Kellan , who laughed and raised his eyebrows suggestively at the mention another of spider .
tr	I	I shrieked , and continued retreat to until my back touched a wall .
tr	I	Flattery stood at console his and stretched .
tr	I	He said he 'd have some money for her for their next meeting but ended call the without flirting with her .
te	I	He to seemed see her - or at least sense her .
tr	I	It 's said to magical have properties .
te	I	I wondered what it was he that understood .
tr	I	She pulled back in his arms , but he her held there .
va	I	And you him read right .
tr	I	I could hear the birds chirping loudly the in trees .
tr	I	My clothes are filthy from hike the and sweat coats my skin .
tr	I	There will be a HR next round .
tr	I	We 're part of the world , but were we forced out of it .
tr	I	Should all intelligent machines be living called ?
tr	I	The lump grew as images took and shape form .
tr	I	He would bring me to the of edge orgasm , only to back off and gently stroke me .
tr	I	I recognized him from the arena , I so decided he was the leader .
va	I	He 'd most drained of them .
tr	I	There no was escape .
tr	I	Why don 't speak you up ?
tr	I	But this man makes me safe feel .
tr	I	I wondered they where 'd parked their cars - unless they flew around on broomsticks , ha ha .
tr	I	I the was one planning on lying and scheming my way to the top this summer .
tr	I	But sometimes it 's just as hard hell to trust your instincts .
tr	I	What their if moms had trouble ?
tr	I	I dressed was like a hooker .
te	I	The carriage lurched around the corner , and Sam grabbed leather the strap hanging by his head .
tr	I	Valerie taps her CU scrolls and through her HUD .
tr	I	For years she 'd been convinced a reconciliation was completely out of question the .
te	I	He may well as have .
tr	I	Store up food , for a disaster strike will !
tr	I	Her heart ached , knowing that really he did think that money was his only asset .
tr	I	They were blundering through the tall pines , bouncing Ben like a pinball from one tree trunk to the next .
te	I	Valerie stopped near the edge of pool the .
tr	I	She nodded but I could tell by her tensed language body she was frightened .
tr	I	You can speak to any of Robert Lee E. High School 's teachers or even the principal if she 's not on vacation .
tr	I	I could on stagger now .
va	I	They might have even known each if other Mr. Deville had grown up in the Palm Grove area .
te	I	If Doyle had been well , I have could simply called him to me , but I was afraid to call him .
va	I	The floor dirt is followed by paving .
tr	I	Certainly all would transactions have to pass through his hands .
tr	I	Yet , he not could admit that to his men .
tr	I	I return his with look interest .
tr	I	I heard than rather saw the latest hiss of air parting for the latest long pointy object of death .
tr	I	I think wants he me to break his story .
tr	I	Dominic sent a small breeze building behind him , pushing the aroma straight into mass the of hungry vampires .
tr	I	After my work finished was , I left Ian 's study and walked to the kitchen .
tr	I	Something was missing , something more than a table a or painting .
te	I	Cassie would help him change in the way right .
tr	I	The majors do anything to sell records in Britain because it 's the key to the rest of world the . '
te	I	I that understood now .
tr	I	I jumped out of the bed walked and to my wardrobe .
tr	I	Something was coming us for .
tr	I	He turns his face the to wind .
tr	I	A policeman is always in a certain of amount danger , he explained lightly .
va	I	Ms. scrutinized Terwilliger him for a moment before fixing her gaze back on the tower .
tr	I	She 'd often told that Serena it was her way of helping .
tr	I	I could see she already knew answer the .
tr	I	I immensely was relieved to see him .
te	I	As he stared , he could imagine the band floating the in amniotic fluid like the tentacles of a poisonous jellyfish .
tr	I	A few hours being of tired far outweighed a month worth of taunting .
tr	I	Took the time straighten to my hair .
tr	I	I won 't be able to get past it it if 's my own damn ignorance keeping him locked in place .
tr	I	We right were downtown .
tr	I	I wish that I could do same the .
tr	I	When I auditioned to in be this band , I couldn 't accept the fact that they actually liked me .
tr	I	He 's to going do something on the ninth .
te	I	I didn mind 't .
tr	I	Tench waved but received no response the form old waterman , even though he was sure the man had seen him on the causeway .
tr	I	I mean it wasn 't then until that we started showing the changes .
tr	I	And you 've listening been to him ever more intently .
te	I	He did look a little like his brother big after all .
tr	I	It was hard to think of this gorgeous woman next to him family as .
tr	I	I could believe well it .
tr	I	Death shouldn 't considered be a dead-end curse ; it 's a door to somewhere else .
tr	I	They 'd been friends too not long to .
tr	I	Spencer cleared her throat Emily when approached .
tr	I	It should have been easy enough to his establish identity .
tr	I	Ry shouted , pacing and flinging arms his this way and that .
te	I	I mean , I told them they where could find you and still they screw it up .
tr	I	Someone was taking my pulse , and while that was not extraordinary so , I knew I had to open my eyes .
tr	I	Do pretend I it never happened ?
tr	I	Kendra , Seth , and Grandma had been on the road quite a while in order to the reach coastal city of Bridgeport .
tr	I	His hair was matted , his and clothes looked like they 'd been on his back for more than a few days .
tr	I	And even if he had , they hadn 't been friends real .
tr	I	I knocked on my 's sister bedroom door .
tr	I	I questioned her trying to keep strain the out of my voice .
tr	I	Her heart pounded as balanced she the drink tray and the box of donuts up the wooden stairs .
tr	I	Master Sole stands behind a desk with standing Roland on the other side .
tr	I	For once I 'm not doing for something my own convenience .
tr	I	He could have sworn the nurse actually cracked a smile , but then she turned stern again once .
va	I	He won the war them for , and it destroyed him .
tr	I	She led the way the to kitchens where they would spend the next hour helping with the busywork necessary for the noon meal .
tr	I	That partly was how he convinced me to trust him .
tr	I	Does one saving person condemn another ?
tr	I	A slow spread smile across his perfect lips .
va	I	She closes the bag with a twist tie and sets it on the floor the near curtain .
tr	I	Beth looked at the expensive bathtub , steam curling up invitingly from its soapy surface , the delicious relaxing man in it and considered her options .
tr	I	Wasn 't being dead supposed to be , uh , comfortable more ?
te	I	It had be to Ursula .
va	I	How easy would it be to avoid talking and enjoy ... Not now .
va	I	It hit the counter a like gauntlet .
tr	I	Farnsworth whitened and he leaned over , slapping hands his on the polished surface of his desk .
tr	I	It is too late for you , dear my .
tr	I	Most people say they can 't even tell their that Breath is gone .
tr	I	But you knew when you here came that ' not great ' was a pretty strong possibility .
tr	I	He didn think 't too much of him .
tr	I	Closing his eyes , he felt the ether him around ... listened to it as it breathed and whispered through his being .
va	I	The cable sticky was .
tr	I	My voice sounded euphoric strangely .
te	I	I do could that .
tr	I	Eric that absorbed , but wasn 't sure how to respond .
tr	I	CHAPTER 23 ADRIAN IF EDDIE WAS THE DRINKING TYPE , 'm I pretty sure he would 've joined me at a bar .
va	I	I have whole a town to destroy .
te	I	Jillian was stopping by the this office morning to finish up a few things .
tr	I	At the end the of meeting which lasted only half an hour , Cameron summed up .
te	I	It 's the sort of place I 'd love to go to myself , and I 'd have it thought would appeal to a more sophisticated clientele .
te	I	> or True not ... < Ever ?
tr	I	The dawn had full arrived throttle into a bright , crystal clear tropical day .
tr	I	It mattered than more anything !
tr	I	Frantically searching , knowing if I don 't Marcus find soon , the watery grave which claimed his brother will claim him too .
tr	I	It arrived on time and I called my customer inform to him so .
tr	I	Understanding this kept me and focused controlled my anger .
te	I	Jason didn 't know the if others could see him , but he lifted his arm .
tr	I	She had a baby who needed know to his mother .
tr	I	But it too was late to turn back .
tr	I	But he gave Snowball a strange as look he disappeared in the barn .
tr	I	We at were a stoplight , which was why both Dana and Raquel were able to turn around and stare at me .
tr	I	She looked pleased very .
te	I	Chapter 1 When the door to my apartment opened , I sat upright bolt in my chair .
tr	I	I 'm attributing this to drug the .
tr	I	This was going end to badly .
tr	I	She immediately snapped to attention , feeling for guilty being caught yawning as she turned around .
tr	I	He 's like the hottest in guy my old school .
va	I	They were smiling at each other and Kiera could almost see the between affection them .
tr	I	The front passenger seat is , was , also a student there .
tr	I	It sat upon a tall gold plated pedestal that inscriptions bore only the High Priestess could understand .
tr	I	Not two for years .
tr	I	It was a end dead in a way .
va	I	We led the zombies away her from daughter , Katy .
tr	I	Eirik slipped his arms around my waist and my kissed temple .
te	I	Like father son like .
tr	I	David said that Nikolas seemed to feel bad about what had happened in past the .
te	I	All that through passed his mind was clouds and rain and silk and leaves rustling in the wind .
tr	I	Was he really jealous of father my ?
tr	I	His focus solely was on her .
tr	I	He was more than to happy oblige .
tr	I	It has ensured that she 't didn come in .
tr	I	I know failed I .
tr	I	I owe him a lot of things , headaches and heartaches , I so have to do this as repayment .
tr	I	Kylie 's chest tightened the as memory of needing a hug at Nana 's funeral came barreling back at her .
tr	I	He had slid a smaller piece -- maybe only big enough to feed five people -- front in of her .
te	I	Edward was there and alone Jacob headed toward him .
tr	I	He didn 't move kil to him or to tag him .
tr	I	And sometimes they did it Jesse with too .
va	I	He clipped wire the around my wrists first ; it tangled free instantly .
tr	I	She didn 't see him and walked around to the little driveway a where white Toyota sat in the shade .
tr	I	So they decided to move one a at time farther up the hill into a more wooded spot where there was shade .
tr	I	She picked the up phone and called the magic shop .
tr	I	Once we were out of his sight , we stood and entered the of drapery the forest .
te	I	It was than more that now .
tr	I	Chapter I 31 don 't fall asleep .
tr	I	It would not do for to them see her .
tr	I	Tiffany waited in silence , her blanket her around , until the moon came up .
tr	I	I in settled between his legs that were drawn up , resting my back against his chest .
tr	I	A haze of smoke over hung town .
tr	I	Romeo turned from sink the .
tr	I	She shook her almost head imperceptibly .
tr	I	And that it does .
te	I	Nor is she impressed with fact the Brady Gates was voted sexiest man of the year -- twice .
tr	I	She his swallowed protest , sobbed .
va	I	She struggled to find the words right .
tr	I	I squeeze my eyes shut and bring my hands my to face when I feel the covers lift up behind me .
tr	I	Even my body ailing blooms with a gush of new ecstasy .
tr	I	As she spoke , wrote she an address on the paper .
tr	I	You didn 't sound this discouraged when you found things the .
tr	I	Uh , no , I 't didn .
te	I	But I don care 't .
tr	I	She wouldn 't even have up wakened .
tr	I	Jace would come around eventually , but at least knew he it wasn 't aliens who destroyed Northgate .
tr	I	I was air controlling .
tr	I	My eyes adjusted to the dim light , and I called out Hello more several times before I rounded the corner and stepped through the doorway .
tr	I	I knew you 'd come with up a reason for me to leave .
tr	I	He had seen more death and tragedy in the past week than should anyone see in a lifetime .
tr	I	There was a sleek black Rover Ranger parked at the curb with its four ways blinking .
tr	I	He pushes himself up and glides like smoke , shooting , dodging shooting and again , while I run to the next room .
tr	I	The pampering was good for her ; she looked relaxed more and happy than she had in weeks .
tr	I	The poor kids had been caught in a bombing terrorist .
tr	I	Those beautiful blue eyes that so often seemed cold so flashed the purest emotion I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	( No , the doesn masturbation 't count . )
tr	I	Rachel collapsed to the at ground George 's feet .
tr	I	Nick added some spices and some stirred things , then got out two plates , silverware , and glasses .
tr	I	His desire to me please made me feel powerful and beautiful , like I 'd never experienced before .
tr	I	She concentrated on the two animals instead looking of at him , but the color rose in her cheeks .
tr	I	He disarmed one and cut the arm off the other , returning to position his back-to-back with Dimitri .
tr	I	Only Damon wasn 't carrying weapon a , and he clearly was a weapon .
tr	I	But one Barrett night had called me , when he 'd held out as long as he could for his legacy .
tr	I	The control center was intended be to used with a verse device , but Vikram had anticipated this .
va	I	My scalp instantly and burned pricked with unease .
tr	I	Whispers were starting humans amongst and we were on the verge of being exposed .
tr	I	She double-checked the GPS on her phone to sure make she was going in the right direction .
tr	I	I 'd started for working Adele two weeks ago and so far had managed to resist .
tr	I	She stepped away farther .
va	I	I down looked and there was Josh .
va	I	After we were all finished with dinner , settled we into our sleeping bags .
tr	I	Coco 's was dead we when walked in .
tr	I	He her followed as she walked toward the exit sign .
tr	I	It long 's overdue .
tr	I	It going was to happen sooner or later .
te	I	But she needed answers now than more ever .
tr	I	How do know you that ?
tr	I	They 'd faced dangerous before men .
tr	I	He hadn 't made his up mind yet .
te	I	Parker asked why they didn 't just their do own story and leave him out of it .
va	I	It was the most powerful kingdom the in world .
tr	I	He 'd said that once he 'd always liked me , but it didn 't occur to me that he actually did .
tr	I	Her girl little was a huge reminder Drew was a factor .
tr	I	Dolores thought she could feel almost the breeze on her skin .
tr	I	Rivers of spotless fabric white .
tr	I	He off bit the words through a clenched jaw .
tr	I	He was deemed dangerous , and was not to approached be .
tr	I	But now I see can he be as emotional as any normal person .
tr	I	I 'm in an fragile extremely state these past few days .
tr	I	That when had they gained technology , they had lost history .
tr	I	I reached down and linked my fingers through his , cupping my hand other over his wrist .
va	I	Pete hissed cursed and .
tr	I	Alena mentally steeled herself and looked to Father leaning the against wall .
tr	I	She may as well have entered time another zone .
tr	I	' It 's I where want to be . '
tr	I	Mitch waved hand a dismissively , squinting .
te	I	Alan toward stepped Marcus , the barrel of the AR-15 digging into his sternum .
tr	I	He hadn started 't out looking for an affair but he 'd obviously been open to one .
tr	I	I didn 't need to identify grey the thermal or the worn beanie to know whose hand held mine .
tr	I	The camera would record huge a wolf , a blurred movement of shattered glass and mist and the wolf again .
tr	I	I wanted to scratch my nose , but couldn reach 't it .
tr	I	They had turned the heating element on for metal the , making it quite toasty against my pale feet .
tr	I	Surely the police would be here minute any anyways .
tr	I	He rests his head back gazes and up at the night sky and I follow his gaze .
tr	I	He looks back at the closet then hopelessly back at me and his expression lights up .
tr	I	In less than a minute he had the Hotel Imperator desk operator on phone the .
tr	I	It 's just about most the peaceful place I 've ever been .
tr	I	People continued to come in , some delivering their children the to music room next door where an adult must have been delegated to supervise .
tr	I	She wondered if driver the was in some kind of trouble .
tr	I	It only took a minute or so as the collective voice and lowered dropped to hushed whisper .
tr	I	Chris closed the safety and bar Rachael pushed the button .
tr	I	Salt and water a stiff breeze had turned it into a mass of uncontrolled curls .
tr	I	Just be to on the safe side he decided to step off the path and hide behind the tree .
tr	I	I feel that relieved Norah 's distaste for costumes means at least she doesn 't look like this guy .
tr	I	So she turned back and headed quickly her toward room .
tr	I	He just was babbling . ' '
tr	I	He started walking again , his sweaty shirt sticking him to .
tr	I	They bypassed the empty living room entered and the kitchen , which was lit by a bare bulb .
tr	I	and the crow danced a clumsy circle in the dust , the mirth in its eyes echoed in the mouse 's too as she hung tightly on .
va	I	Once again reining in the irritation that 'd been lurking ever since he crawled out of bed , Myles waved Jared away 's concern .
tr	I	He recovered enough to manage to grab with her his one good arm and threw her to the ground .
tr	I	Max suggested that I leave , running from fate my .
tr	I	She couldn even 't dream of it in 12 .
tr	I	The appetizer is menu flying out of the kitchen .
va	I	He stumbled upon another pile of bodies where a second patrol had been ambushed followed and another set of bloody prints .
te	I	I gripped the edge of table the .
te	I	So I twisted and around dove .
tr	I	I followed Matthias the into small building .
tr	I	Francesco had made good on his promise , and all of Andy bills 's were covered .
tr	I	Thankfully Josh wasn 't immediately shot down in a of hail bright white laser fire .
tr	I	Hart 's mouth as felt though it had been stuffed with cotton , and his eyes weren 't focusing .
tr	I	His smile was nothing Aiden like 's , but it was nice .
va	I	Taylor ... not only did he struggle with bi-polar from my father 's side , but his biological mother had mental severe issues .
tr	I	It took a few moments to catch her breath enough to say , ' My will father notice the difference . '
tr	I	A collective gasp filled room the .
tr	I	He extended his hand touched and Eva 's head , checking her wound .
tr	I	Somehow , Anon 's voice was audible both telepathically , physically and .
tr	I	She 't didn cry .
tr	I	There 's something about weird it apparently .
te	I	My face flushed felt .
tr	I	I leafed through the on pile my desk looking for the description I penned about John .
tr	I	When Vivienne took a leap giant upward and we landed on her verandah in the Residences , I looked around in awe .
va	O	There was nothing that could cover it up or blot it out .
te	O	The pair fell in love , she got pregnant , and he married her .
tr	O	Within a few steps , its head fell off , its body collapsed and it caught on fire .
tr	O	Fletcher pressed the button for the top floor .
tr	O	I caught Bill studying Jennifer 's and Teel 's forms , cocking his head to one side .
tr	O	I shook hands with her mother , gently touching her mind and feeling the kindness and bewilderment .
tr	O	And now we 're here .
te	O	She walked right past the smoldering flames , holes in the walls , and blood-stained carpets without blinking .
tr	O	And then the truth broke out .
va	O	The glass shatters with the second blow and he gasps for oxygen in the shallow atmosphere of the cave .
va	O	Our eyes met , and while everyone milled around about us , in that moment , it was just him and me .
tr	O	After Lea was done with that , she decided to do some shadow boxing .
tr	O	That question hits me straight in the heart and makes it slam inside my chest .
tr	O	Timmy leaned back into the shadows and carefully slid his hand under George 's mattress .
tr	O	I realize as I 'm shoving the last of my clothes into the bag that I 'm grinning like a complete idiot .
va	O	My smile expands as I pick up that broken vase I destroyed when I was a child .
tr	O	He sniffed along my neck and let out a small whine .
tr	O	I kind of looked like a hobo that had just crawled into the airport for shelter .
tr	O	She straightened away from the desk , walked to the door and yanked it open .
tr	O	But this time she wouldn 't be able to blame it on the lamp .
tr	O	What other stations were on the far side of that peculiar fog front ?
tr	O	Right now , her eyes were telling him that she was affected by their nearness although she was trying hard not to let it show .
te	O	I recognize it well .
tr	O	I remembered how much I loved you .
tr	O	The faded blue eyes never wavered .
tr	O	I definitely shattered his cheekbone .
te	O	I 've written the directions on the front .
tr	O	As I glance at the couple , I see a shadow pass behind them .
va	O	When I took a crowbar to the hinges , they popped right off !
tr	O	The thought of her beneath him again had his body hardening to a painful degree .
tr	O	And talk to her nice .
tr	O	She ran until Quentin 's gentle touch was a distant memory .
te	O	The dreams have shaped the way we live our lives , helping us to avoid accidents or situations that would cause us harm .
tr	O	Mother huffed , struggling as a breathing fit took her over .
tr	O	He was thinking hard , trying to bring his mind under control .
tr	O	It even swirled in the air , in the few places where beams of light poked through shuttered windows .
va	O	The bruised and haunted look that wracked her features after he 'd kissed her bespoke deep scarring .
tr	O	He pushed the door further and moved inside into the cellar room .
tr	O	But it was like Aly 's entire family had settled into the memory , too .
te	O	He was looking at Lewis - the one of them who looked youngest .
tr	O	Given that choice , maybe death would be preferable .
tr	O	She thought so , too .
tr	O	Her heart thawed out despite her best intentions .
tr	O	Suddenly I felt his tongue licking the sensitive bud between my legs .
tr	O	Everyone on the bus had an opinion on my story .
tr	O	The type you see on TV and swear isn 't real .
tr	O	She leaned her back on her car and looked up like she was thinking .
tr	O	He reached a hand to settle it , then crossed to where a bucket rested under a hand pump .
tr	O	They both laughed easily .
va	O	I do what Penny said , turning the handlebars the opposite direction and leaning the other .
tr	O	When investigators finally unravelled the clues , the breadth and detail of the attacks shocked them .
tr	O	' Don 't ever take them off , ' she instructed , and I nodded , turning to look at her properly for the first time .
tr	O	Her brother understood and agreed with her decision to end her marriage .
tr	O	His hips thrust deep and the now-familiar fire took her .
tr	O	I knew we couldn 't spend forever playing house , as much as part of me wanted to .
tr	O	The causeway was a dangerous place during hurricane season , yet the beauty of the waves lured both tourists and locals to its marshy banks .
tr	O	Her smile took on a slight wince .
tr	O	No ; this is the difference I want to tell you .
tr	O	One man flung himself overboard in fright and got chewed up by the frothing riptide of the sinking tower .
tr	O	He could only hope she would not decide to follow him .
tr	O	He spotted Kat draped over Sasha , protecting her from the gunfire , keeping the child 's head turned away .
tr	O	I hear Andrew crash against something and scream for him , but his unwavering tone is at least reassuring that he is alright .
tr	O	Faye made no immediate response , but she seemed to be mulling this challenge over .
tr	O	Then she 's pulling me into another hug , her mouth right next to my ear .
tr	O	They went to the living room , so I started clearing the table and washing the dishes .
tr	O	Ah , well , what could I say ?
tr	O	He 'd murdered her .
tr	O	She nodded and turned away , afraid that if she didn 't leave soon , she 'd do something utterly stupid , like burst into tears .
va	O	Lightning struck and he was gone .
tr	O	She watched the horizon with a practiced eye .
tr	O	Her friend deserved a lifetime of happiness .
tr	O	But he wore the fine clothing carelessly , with none of the English stiffness , as though the trappings of success were nothing .
tr	O	Just over ten years ago , an alliance was formed between the top five Alzheimer 's research centers in the world .
tr	O	My husband met the Aberdeen Bay acquisitions director at a Rotary breakfast meeting and told him about my novel .
tr	O	If this didn 't snap Rowan to , then a tornado wouldn 't do it .
tr	O	I just looked at them and slowly got in to my blankets and switched off my side lamp .
te	O	Darcie turned her head slightly and listened .
va	O	Trix 's eyes watered as she tried to fight back the spilling of the salty tears .
tr	O	He was right too .
tr	O	If one refuses , use whatever force necessary .
tr	O	Michael knelt down before her , and Sloane had no doubt he meant the gesture as supplication and apology all wrapped into one .
tr	O	And I didn 't want to make a big scene in front of everyone , especially not tonight .
te	O	Instead , I reached for his hand again .
tr	O	He also had a heavy dose of charisma , like Davido , a specialty among the more powerful trolls .
tr	O	The realization washed over me that I wasn 't going to see him for a while , if ever .
tr	O	The tenth world , however , is not a permanent dwelling place .
tr	O	Della followed close behind him , vaguely recalling being unable to keep up with him earlier .
tr	O	All our lives , we had lived with our father and our housekeeper since our mom had died giving birth to Mikey .
tr	O	They 've never been close . '
va	O	Leif might be big , but he was quick .
tr	O	Captain Cook disappeared for but a few minutes and returned looking quite official .
tr	O	Brenna asked , though it was more a statement than a question .
tr	O	Had she not already given more than enough ?
tr	O	Aimee wasn 't a criminal who stored cocaine or top military secrets in her closet .
tr	O	The wine steward came up to their table and Sal immediately ordered a bottle of 1957 wine .
tr	O	As Razia had found out three weeks ago when she had been tossed out for sneaking in through a window .
tr	O	She reaches up and cups my face .
tr	O	Then the remaining two were upon them .
te	O	We wouldn 't have it any other way .
va	O	I hoped that today 's meeting would improve our strained interactions .
tr	O	She smiled and pulled a hairpin from her teeth , ramming it into the tight coil at the base of her neck .
te	O	His tone ached with intensity , but he changed the subject , fixing me with a glare .
tr	O	Why should I be what others want me to be ? '
tr	O	She kept her attention on her task .
tr	O	We are immortal , yes , but under the right circumstances we can die like any other living thing .
tr	O	Jake 's gun came up , pointed right at Hank .
tr	O	The fire blazed for a moment and lit up the circle of people around it .
tr	O	The spine cracked as she opened the first page of the wedding book .
tr	O	He thought of her sitting across the table from him , working quietly on her project while he struggled to learn the craft .
tr	O	But there were nights , while in the grip of a nightmare , that she would whisper a name .
tr	O	He bobbed so close behind me that I had a hard time treading water without kicking him .
va	O	From somewhere outside there came a long drawn-out howl of anger and defiance .
va	O	Still hiding most of her body , he turned toward Alaric .
tr	O	I bent my head and narrowed my gaze .
tr	O	He drew his gun and barked orders at me .
tr	O	Her golden eyebrows furrow together .
tr	O	They were telling us we have crossed into their lands , although I think they now fear us more than they did originally .
va	O	He kissed me on the cheek and hugged his parents .
va	O	The evil plant 's desperate groping became even more desperate and now it was writhing in agony .
tr	O	Her legs spread even wider .
te	O	I look like I 'm tipping over .
tr	O	The Eiffel Tower winked through the rain now hitting the windows .
tr	O	He 's under some kind of heavy pressure .
tr	O	He had to try .
tr	O	I get to my feet and take him outside , walking back to the garage and noting how silent the neighborhood is ; aching with loneliness .
tr	O	I brushed my teeth , washed my face , and walked back down the hall to my bedroom when I bumped into Bryan .
tr	O	I know who won the last World Series , but not where I was when it was played .
tr	O	But she felt so sick lately , sick enough that she didn 't even think she could feel the hunger anymore .
tr	O	She 's the granddaughter - probably the third generation of a monster !
tr	O	Only after he had gone did the name strike me : Nicholas , Nick -- could he be the young man I had overheard ?
tr	O	Since he had the time , he decided to look around the room a little closer .
tr	O	Her low voice shook with rage .
tr	O	Nolen put a boot across his neck and held him to his side , one hand still grasping the leash .
va	O	I yanked my hand away , and he gave me an impish grin .
tr	O	Now they 're enraged .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to reply and found himself saying nothing , his face turning warm .
tr	O	Both of his hands went to the knot at her waist .
tr	O	He wet one finger with his tongue and held it up .
tr	O	Huxley ignored the question and responded with one of his own .
tr	O	Sandy shook his head .
tr	O	I 'm meet you here in the lobby .
tr	O	I don 't know , but I do believe you 're not aware of it .
tr	O	The five of us closed in on each other .
tr	O	Their clothing was basic -- but well crafted .
tr	O	Who ´ s going to help ?
tr	O	Jason handed Trouble to her and they followed him back down the hall .
tr	O	The soft dance of his lips parted hers until his tongue explored deeper .
te	O	And it finally came to me .
te	O	A blaze of anger answered her .
tr	O	I looked past them , seeing the women and one of the men standing by the tear in the wall .
te	O	He 'd hinted at more , but I wasn 't that giving until I knew him more .
va	O	From the inside of his jacket he pulled a small plastic container with two slices of pie .
tr	O	Jin heard the sound of clapping behind him .
te	O	She wasn 't an experienced kisser , not seductive and sultry like a courtesan , and Fellows didn 't care .
tr	O	It looked pretty swanky to me , with chandeliers in the lobby , a porter 's desk and tiled flooring .
tr	O	But I start to slip away from reality .
tr	O	Sydney and I had a love-hate relationship .
tr	O	The last person buried there had been his biological mother .
tr	O	Olivia felt that was because of Seth .
tr	O	Because this time her heart had sustained too much damage to ever recover .
tr	O	Resisting the urge to pull out of her embrace because for some reason it made her happy to tear their hearts out this way .
tr	O	I fall forward , my head cushioned by her lap .
va	O	' A guy can go mad sitting at home all day , mad . '
tr	O	The rock landed on the stand , and rolled to a halt a foot below the water 's surface .
tr	O	It 's small , unpretentious , and there 's easy parking .
tr	O	I 'm just asking if you 'll tell me about Kimberly if I behave .
tr	O	Emma told me the hats are made from Canadian black bear fur .
tr	O	It would be like trying to walk on water or swim through islands .
tr	O	I could again feel myself getting warmer , with my heart beginning to race very quickly .
va	O	He pulled out a new glass and poured another whiskey , neat .
va	O	Her body became heavy in his arms .
tr	O	Gaius offered a deep bow , wryly conceding he 'd miscalculated .
tr	O	When she did that , his body surged upwards .
tr	O	Georgie threw him his bagel .
te	O	Maybe because I 'd thrown the challenge , the House Guests gods were paying me back in kind .
tr	O	Sure , everyone changed over time as they forgot their lives on earth , but Mikey could choose how he changed .
tr	O	Marguerite moaned as she tasted the feral wickedness of Wren 's mouth .
te	O	Your father and I are so worried about you .
tr	O	She stared down at him , her face curiously devoid of emotion .
va	O	I noted that there had been a number of modifications .
tr	O	The interior of the tower was completely bare , save for a circular capsule at its center .
tr	O	I squeezed her hip and put my lips to her ear .
te	O	Then again , if he thought she was blocking him on purpose , he might get angry .
tr	O	Walter 's foundation was going to help .
tr	O	However , I did read of the murder .
tr	O	The longer she talked , the more difficult it became to pretend interest .
tr	O	I don 't want to love him and hate him at the same time .
tr	O	Then the first owners abandoned them when they were six months old .
tr	O	That had never happened before .
tr	O	With a shake of his head he lets my hand go and walks over to stand at the window , looking out at the slowly melting snow .
tr	O	It can get a great deal worse .
tr	O	Destiny brought up her one good leg , attempting to kick him .
tr	O	Some of the jars had cracked open and there were rodents and shit eating their food .
tr	O	He continued to slide around her , stopping only to slither his tongue along the curve of her neck up to her ear .
tr	O	Once inside , she locked the door and walked over to the sink .
tr	O	People always questioned what they did not understand .
tr	O	I didn 't want to break his thought process , so I was quiet .
tr	O	She couldn 't go back to sleep even if she tried .
tr	O	They 're going to flunk you .
tr	O	The henchmen shrugged and joined in the journey .
tr	O	That guy is dead inside .
te	O	You happened to see me at my worst , that 's all .
tr	O	Give them a day out and that 's the thanks I get .
tr	O	The easiest and probably most sensible thing to do was simply to take it -- wasn 't it ?
tr	O	At the door to the block she turned and for the first time realised what a beautiful place she had been living in .
tr	O	She leaned into him for comfort .
te	O	With that tacit permission , Lexie entered his room and took a seat on the bed .
tr	O	Sarah was so like Elizabeth , and yet she was also her own woman .
tr	O	The two vampires shot into the air .
tr	O	She couldn 't get her strange behaviour out of her head .
tr	O	Making our way through traffic we arrived at the checkpoint .
tr	O	She gasps , then attempts to control her reaction by sitting up even straighter .
tr	O	' So , be prepared for your great day tomorrow .
tr	O	We are armed , but what good has any armour ever been before against Smaug the Dreadful ?
tr	O	The plain plastic chair he had been sitting in before lay empty , a void that drew the eye with its conspicuous emptiness .
te	O	Evidence of my current frazzled state over being separated from my girl .
tr	O	You have your own needs .
tr	O	Especially when it just brought on more questions .
va	O	That was important because of the way he thought about things .
tr	O	Consequently she burst into the conversation before Garn could drive his foot even farther down his throat .
tr	O	He grunts , pushing me up against the window .
va	O	Again he went to the door to examine his discoveries .
tr	O	But my creations work unusually well for an uncommon amount of time .
te	O	It was too thin and wore a discreet front .
tr	O	There were no locks on his side and no way to open it .
va	O	And when they find such creatures , they can be ruthless .
va	O	Then I remember the idea is for us to be lowering our body temperature to expel less infrared energy .
tr	O	Mostly down to kids getting hold of knives really .
tr	O	Still , guilt followed as thoughts of Eirik crossed my mind .
tr	O	Someone should stand watch -- probably more than one -- through the night anyway , but monitor them , too .
tr	O	Everything beyond Seth was fuzzy .
tr	O	He set his glass down and knelt on the floor to stoke the fire .
tr	O	He rubbed the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	He 'd have liked to manage a conversation with the Rev , but the minister didn 't seem as interested in Manfred as Manfred was in him .
tr	O	We all see ze same stuff but interpret it differently -- sometimes to the point of accusing others of being delusional . '
tr	O	Her mind was rushing ahead .
tr	O	His little face lit up .
va	O	She was so excited about this stupid dance .
va	O	The lock I put on Farben last year was to me personally .
tr	O	The guard nodded at me , a question in his eyes .
tr	O	She was able to conjure up wildly distorted images and emotions from her past .
tr	O	Said Sir Rupert absently as if unaware of the conversation going on .
tr	O	he asks in disbelief .
tr	O	She had lost all interest in life .
tr	O	Valentina smiled , clearly able to see just how close the sisters were .
tr	O	I took his sled .
te	O	Having them die together wasn 't the route he preferred so he thought quickly as to how he could keep her talking .
tr	O	And she 'd managed to make the best of a bad situation for eleven months in Chicago .
tr	O	She saw him all the time without a shirt when he was landscaping .
tr	O	In fact , that is how he 'd felt about most of his life .
tr	O	Moving as we had been , only with a tighter pressure and more sensation , we continued with the rhythm we 'd had before .
tr	O	Even if I hadn 't left her with our baby inside her , I 'd been a fool to believe she could ever forget about me .
te	O	We mingled and chatted with a few people , and eventually made our way to the ballroom , where tables had been set up .
tr	O	The house was dark .
tr	O	Kate 's heart started to beat faster as the time drew near to come face to face with Gage again .
tr	O	Jesus , it was cold .
tr	O	He had them arrange a severance package for Amy and would have her employment ended before the day was out .
tr	O	She pulled out a chair , sat down and took out her crocheting .
tr	O	Paris had a new contract .
tr	O	He rol ed his eyes .
va	O	Maybe it 's a search party ?
tr	O	I was feeling the effects of the alcohol , and I was in no mood for whatever it was she wanted to talk about .
tr	O	Both witches froze , at exactly the same time .
tr	O	I had to agree .
va	O	With a frown his fingers shifted to the fangs that suddenly throbbed at the distant scent of human blood .
tr	O	She 'd assumed ... but it could have been his ego hurt by her blanket rejection , not his heart .
te	O	A swarm of demon sights filled her eyes , making her sick .
tr	O	It was possible that someone on the police force had been kind enough to clean up the mess , but somehow she knew it was Cain .
tr	O	Each man is to receive a suit of clothes .
tr	O	Located between The Mist Lands and Wallachia .
te	O	He openly considered me , his beautiful lips twisting to the side .
tr	O	His mother was stitching furiously at her embroidery , eyes down and her breathing uneven .
tr	O	I was still smiling when I settled into a bath that night .
te	O	The car was a few years old , and I had the feeling it was probably his mom or dad 's car first .
te	O	So much of her strength had been used to get this far .
va	O	At least the one about me .
tr	O	When I didn 't make any headway I checked my hand for what she handed me .
tr	O	Ula shook her head .
tr	O	He leans his back against the side of my bed .
tr	O	I didn 't expect to walk out of the Council chamber .
tr	O	The symbol he 'd carved glowed in the air like a sickness .
tr	O	I 'm the one who told the reporter about us yesterday .
tr	O	Ken raised his head .
va	O	Something flappy struck my chin ; it was a chin strap with a bunch of snaps .
te	O	She giggles and leans up to kiss my neck .
tr	O	She couldn 't read his expression but sensed his tightly contained violence .
va	O	Blindly , he reached over and smacked it off .
tr	O	She 'd targeted him as the fall guy .
tr	O	Like we were ever anything at all .
tr	O	When I was done with my cold Chinese leftovers , I tossed the box into the trash and headed to my room , changing into my uniform .
tr	O	This is my domain now , and only the boldest , the strongest , and the smartest will be allowed to serve me in the end .
te	O	There was fire in me , and for the moment , that fire was stronger than the fear .
tr	O	That night , when he was drying the dishes while I washed , Jack expressed disgust that we hadn 't closed the books on Beth Crider .
tr	O	' Because it 's time to change .
tr	O	After a few moments , it started to subside .
tr	O	I 'll have a better idea in a few weeks .
tr	O	It was three in the morning .
tr	O	Adelle rose from the floor .
tr	O	She looked over at her brother .
tr	O	Dr. Rose nodded and tapped his fingers together .
te	O	Even gods know how to calculate the balance of terror .
va	O	He put them on and held out his hand for Maria to follow him out the door .
tr	O	I took it and placed it over my head with a smile .
tr	O	Huge chunks of metal lay scattered haphazardly about the floor , and several of the windows had burst open , letting in foggy evening light .
va	O	Why did I have a weird feeling about this ?
tr	O	Caitlin could feel the heat rise to her face , and without thinking , lunged toward Franz and pulled him away .
tr	O	This is starting to remind me of school .
va	O	Her face still etched with worry , but it was unmistakable ; Ally had come to watch the events unfold .
te	O	It was where fetches came from , and a forceful enough banishing was usually enough to deter them from returning .
tr	O	She looks around surprised by his remark .
tr	O	That 's a good nickname , isn 't it ?
tr	O	' Your band any good ? '
tr	O	I 'll tell you later .
va	O	He placed one giant hand on Jared 's shoulder .
tr	O	The men grunted agreement , separated and disappeared into three different buildings .
tr	O	He was a short , fat man , with pudgy cheeks and lips that protruded a little too much .
tr	O	Everyone let out a collective Ew , but then a face had appeared at the window of the Purple House and they 'd all quickly biked away .
tr	O	She 'd probably never know how much she 'd changed me .
tr	O	We were having drinks one night after a jury trial and Judge Cook walked into the bar .
tr	O	Jesse 's moving back ?
tr	O	' You 're right .
tr	O	Daniel studied the dots and dashes .
tr	O	It 's past midnight when I make it back home .
tr	O	Because for all of them , I was only another lab rat .
va	O	And it would do him no good when he returned if he was remembered as a foolish man who shouted at nothing .
tr	O	The door didn 't budge at first , but with continued pressure she finally got it open .
tr	O	I jogged to where it 'd landed .
tr	O	Maybe , she conceded .
tr	O	I looked down at my plate , pushing the sausage around with my fork .
tr	O	An atmosphere of love ?
tr	O	China had been doing just that for years , but now made the move to permanently expropriate them .
tr	O	She felt his chest move in an almost laugh .
tr	O	Does he have some sort of relationship with the Dark ?
te	O	Nash 's face slid up alongside his in the dark glass .
tr	O	Keller , it 's my fault .
tr	O	Hopefully I would stir the bushes less .
tr	O	Amanda arched her eyebrows at me .
tr	O	I reach out a hand , to help or soothe or something , but then pull it back fast .
tr	O	Darcy and the bullish Cleve Ragland were waiting in front of Jack 's door .
tr	O	She didn 't notice if it hurt or not .
tr	O	She settled her blue eyes on him as she turned the tables .
tr	O	If he noticed her reaction , he didn 't let it show , merely continuing their dance smoothly .
va	O	Their wives want no harm to come to you because you are their friend .
tr	O	He should probably date someone else , too .
tr	O	Apart from that icy numbness , I mostly felt rage , a growing and nearly ungovernable need to lash out .
te	O	Wakeman wouldn 't let him .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , just looked at me with that damn uninformative expression of his , and I wondered if anything rattled him .
te	O	His parents shipped off for training very young .
tr	O	The following week Bradford asked Mary to a movie and the two have been an item ever since .
tr	O	His eyes glared at a tall , skinny girl who marched from the back .
tr	O	Once they had collected what they would take , they carried it all down to his sailboat .
tr	O	As the contract was filled out , the baby screamed louder and louder .
tr	O	My eyes stung with tears that I fought to keep back .
tr	O	Did the president have that many swarming around him all the time ?
tr	O	I 'm actually home .
va	O	I saw him around campus with Rich Dalton several times , but Barrett is , er , was supervising him , so they weren 't necessarily friends .
tr	O	Mark repeated , staring around the room .
va	O	The storm 's white winds bit harshly at her ears as she listened .
te	O	He was safe and sound .
tr	O	His desire was fighting and raging against me , despite the measured tone of his voice or controlled way his thumb brushed my cheek .
tr	O	They feel they must leave this area because Tracy will eventually lead dangerous people to here .
tr	O	He handed it across the desk and Max reached for it .
tr	O	Once back in I help Cherie put away all of the food that we purchased .
tr	O	She couldn 't choose even though she knew she had to .
tr	O	' Couldn 't have it barking while I was working , sir . '
te	O	Horses not at the front of the charge managed to stop short at the ditch 's edge , discarding their riders into the fray .
tr	O	Come home with me , Darcy .
tr	O	I was still slightly bitter about Jesse 's date with Jules , not to mention his strange new behavior spilling out of the woodwork .
va	O	Ezio was none the wiser for this .
tr	O	She pointed a finger at Travis .
tr	O	She kissed his cheek and got to her feet .
va	O	Its results will not be good .
tr	O	Accepting his vague answer for now , she stored further questions away for another time .
tr	O	I know that now .
tr	O	Facing the two of them would be tough , tougher than anything he 'd come up against so far .
tr	O	Kira backs up a little before turning and heading over to me .
te	O	But then he begins to laugh . .
tr	O	This was their chance to get messages out to a world that generally paid them no mind .
tr	O	I don 't know that the plantation was overly traumatic .
tr	O	They had no choice but to run the experiment .
tr	O	He became caught up in a daze as he wildly pressed buttons and tried to decipher the symbols that appeared on the monitor .
va	O	The paramedics stood back their faces grim .
tr	O	I lean between the seats , reaching back to her , and click the thing into place .
te	O	Sylvia looked back steadily , the candlelight dancing in her purple eyes .
va	O	Dean covered his cell phone with his hand and lowered it toward his thigh .
te	O	Maybe he absorbed some of Nadine 's positive thinking on the ride up to La Salle .
tr	O	Camellia stopped and put her finger to her lips .
tr	O	Suddenly , I felt no more pain .
tr	O	JAX : Sweetheart , I 'm a man .
tr	O	She moved to the side of Sarah 's bed .
tr	O	Could we deepen her knowledge or bring her into closer understanding of what was divine ?
tr	O	His presence was just ... commanding .
tr	O	But Adri walked onwards , smiling lightly to himself , breathing deeply the thick , clean forest air .
tr	O	The security door into his apartment was open , but he wasn 't waiting .
tr	O	He laughed as his arm reached around my waist and pulled me toward him .
tr	O	She didn 't know , and she really , really wanted to know .
tr	O	Fifteen minutes later , the waitress was back with Gracie 's plate .
tr	O	What , what else could he do ?
tr	O	You 're right and I 'm sorry that you had to listen to me whine .
tr	O	I happened to trust my instincts , too , and right now , those funny feelings were telling me I had just found my new best friend .
tr	O	He was so tireless .
tr	O	Lucy calmed herself down after counting to five .
tr	O	For some reason they both liked to knock , so they took it in turns each day .
va	O	He looked at me , and the force of his stare set me back half a step .
tr	O	Then we headed down to the front row .
tr	O	A lawyer 's nightmare .
tr	O	I was sensitive about my hips because they were wider than any other part of my body .
tr	O	The blonde doesn 't even know what hit her .
tr	O	That earned her a fiery glare .
tr	O	She 's walking with purpose .
tr	O	Then his hand was between her thighs .
tr	O	He took the child , wrapping him up tightly , just his springy , black hair poking out the top of the blanket .
te	O	He was so close , she could count his lashes , but it was his lips that tempted her .
tr	O	I collapsed back against the pillow , thankful Sam could explain about the island .
te	O	They 'd both drunk a little too much and slept together on New Year 's Eve .
tr	O	It was only fifty or so feet high , but quite impassable to cavalry .
tr	O	' What 's the problem ? '
tr	O	He stopped and went rigid as if he had a sudden thought .
tr	O	I 'd better go back inside , she thought .
tr	O	In the ages since , the inhabitants had built all the way out to the edges in some places .
tr	O	You would also understand the fact that your humanity tests every boundary of his control .
tr	O	Something gleamed in her palm .
tr	O	It 's big enough to load the truck and a bunch of you guys .
tr	O	As her teeth slid into his flesh , the maiden and the wizard felt a bond form between them .
tr	O	The kiss he would have surely given her failed to materialize when Nik 's whistling interrupted them from a few steps away .
tr	O	That might be the time to think of coming home . '
tr	O	Not to mention a tasty lunch .
tr	O	That stupid bloody red hair .
tr	O	His head just plain hurt .
tr	O	* * * Thurlow watched her face carefully , without appearing obvious about it .
tr	O	There was a pause and then Katherine gave me a small , pained smile .
tr	O	Their survival was not contingent upon others having made it here before him so he wasn 't going to worry about it right now .
tr	O	Mari , this shit is normal .
tr	O	Even though I missed the Pink Champagne toenail polish exchanges we used to have , it was less complicated this way .
te	O	He wants to talk to you again on Tuesday .
tr	O	But here , in this white , cold place , I could feel even that slipping away , hour by hour .
tr	O	She glanced up at Carmine and raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	Be careful how much you tell her .
tr	O	What 's the first thing you want to eat ?
te	O	His robe begins to singe and melt away as if the tightly constricting balls were coated with acid .
tr	O	He has women falling over him .
va	O	She hugged her purse to her chest and looked at the floor , she couldn 't look at Mike .
tr	O	He cracked one eyelid open .
te	O	You must ensure the success of our mission ; you must do what is necessary .
va	O	Apparently , I 'm only grounded from things that involve my boyfriend .
va	O	This is important and out of my realm of knowledge .
tr	O	Deep joy flooded me .
va	O	I had to cover my tracks and make Russo believe that I never saw the inside of the diary .
te	O	I didn 't really believe that I could land a date with him like Grayson wanted .
tr	O	Glory strode unapologetically up the porch steps , passing Dylan without a word .
tr	O	What you get is that I keep it and never show it to anyone else .
tr	O	Carly held open the door , and we walked into the lobby .
tr	O	If he said he could lock her family away , the cell door was as good as shut .
tr	O	It was the next day before they were fully into the Strait .
tr	O	The doctor soon tired of his game of cat and mouse .
tr	O	Another obstacle to estimating my age : I have no idea what year we 're in .
tr	O	He took the coat and held it out for me .
te	O	Roman cried , pushing past Summer onto the porch .
va	O	But you didn 't move .
te	O	The lady is growing stronger , but she still requires glamour .
tr	O	Then they had been there for many months , and hopefully they would remain , for as long as it took me to get back there .
tr	O	No matter how hard he tried , he could not find the hope necessary to keep the males from turning vampire .
va	O	If anyone could help , it would be her .
tr	O	That 's my favourite month .
va	O	Two weeks ' travel , if all went well .
tr	O	I started to walk towards the front door when a woman walked out of the garage .
te	O	Pump that finger inside yourself if that 's what you 'd like to feel me do to you next , but don 't close your eyes .
tr	O	I barely kept it together .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard or felt him move , but as she turned , she turned right into his arms , her face raised toward his .
tr	O	The sun had only just turned west when they started , and till evening it lay golden on the land about them .
tr	O	The buildings were in sad shape , roofs sagging , doors askew , the wood gray with age .
tr	O	His mind was empty , so he concentrated on his vision .
tr	O	He ducked his head and grinned sheepishly .
tr	O	In others , the dark moon shares the sky with the sun .
te	O	We 've got enough canned food in here to feed a hungry cowboy for a long time .
tr	O	He caught sight of his reflection .
tr	O	She sang two more songs and returned to her table .
tr	O	Gwen said returning to the door .
tr	O	' Who is it ? '
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-four Emma awoke with a headache .
tr	O	He 'd meant no insult or slur on women .
tr	O	They came in many shapes and sizes , some short and thin , others tall and thickly muscled .
va	O	Unfortunately , it was becoming more obvious with each passing day that no one would be coming for any of them .
tr	O	I knew I wasn 't Eric 's only drinking fountain .
va	O	I 'm sailing blind almost as much as he is , not that I 'm gon na let him know that .
tr	O	Deodorant realised the key to his son 's harmony lay in the belief he could venture out whenever he wished .
va	O	The voice is fading .
tr	O	Alex and Pat yelled at each other in the corner .
tr	O	That should plow his fat head through the brick building .
va	O	The beast growls and shakes me violently .
tr	O	Dahlia nearly came off the bed .
tr	O	The larger stone made a bigger dent and drew the arm back around blindly to slice at me .
te	O	Gracie would have to go through all of this stuff , too .
tr	O	The room had a simple design .
va	O	I wasn 't sure how long we stood there kissing , exploring each other 's mouths with our tongues .
tr	O	He ran and got between the tracks of the moving crane , which resembled a mechanical dinosaur on the prowl .
tr	O	He had to be suspicious or she would have dismissed him as she did nearly everyone else .
tr	O	He sifted through a few other items before holding up Nathan 's driver 's license .
tr	O	Thankfully , her granny and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire .
tr	O	He stopped and lifted his eyes to hers .
tr	O	He didn 't want to but he couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I 'm flying in next week for a conference .
tr	O	I expect them to address the rest of us , but instead they stand in a circle with Johanna and the other spokespeople and talk quietly .
tr	O	I freaked when I saw them at the mall and grabbed her hand .
tr	O	Nick was sitting in my living room about to go over Esme 's murder book .
tr	O	His voice was breathy and low .
te	O	Cindi had several tables and couches set up and people frequently came and read entire books and left them all over the place .
va	O	He would never forget the smell of her skin or the way she looked with the flickering light dancing over her .
tr	O	Then at least I 'd know which way I 'd been driving .
tr	O	We shall reclaim our fates and our rightful place among the petty humans .
tr	O	It wasn 't the fact that he had made a deal with the thing that might as well 've been Sara 's dad .
te	O	My skin erupted in goosebumps .
tr	O	Come on , Louisa , open the door .
tr	O	I tell you , it 's no wonder nobody suspected him over the missing people . '
te	O	I ask and he lowers his voice .
te	O	Xavier was talking to someone else , it seemed .
tr	O	Frankly , I found them a refreshing change from sitting on the ground and trying to use an empty Coke can as a weed pipe .
te	O	The little boy stopped and turned .
tr	O	His smile falls and his teeth clench .
te	O	Hope spread inside Fin 's chest .
tr	O	Mathers opened it and poked his head through .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	O	She reached for the door .
tr	O	He grins at me again , and I feel a smile tugging at my own lips .
tr	O	I nodded , said nothing .
tr	O	Okay , this was different .
tr	O	She handed them to Jill .
tr	O	With one swift motion Alexis slices at Emma 's throat .
tr	O	You went undercover when you were nineteen years old and you pulled it off .
tr	O	I told her the good news about the probable sale of my own house as we got into her car .
tr	O	Molly spoke so softly I barely heard her .
tr	O	Not with what was going on out there .
va	O	Not only did he hate the sand , that was now riding up his shorts , he was also deathly afraid of what lurked in ocean water .
tr	O	A chilling little shiver ran down her spine as she remembered those words , spoken so hotly against her mouth .
tr	O	His eyes turned to the sofa .
te	O	You may not want to tag along this time .
tr	O	Police candidates are treated differently .
tr	O	Jack 's hand rested on the cover .
tr	O	Eyes glazed over , she weakly smiled up at me .
tr	O	The deal had become irrelevant .
tr	O	Why , they were rising into the sky !
tr	O	Then she wondered if she had any supernaturals in her school back home .
tr	O	The body stopped moving .
tr	O	I asked him , tone pointed and biting .
tr	O	He realized something must have happened immediately before for her to want to run away .
tr	O	And people like Brett and his Russian mob associates killed those who failed very , very slowly .
tr	O	The staffer in the cafeteria was correct .
va	O	My mind swirled with the options of the things I should and shouldn 't do until it finally settled on the only question that mattered .
tr	O	Guy weaves his way around the end of the couch and plops down into the corner again .
tr	O	Uh , what was I not feeling ?
tr	O	She shifted on the rock so that she could face him more fully .
tr	O	She cupped his cheek .
va	O	You might want to stop by and visit sometime .
tr	O	Does he have one foot over , sitting on the rim . ?
tr	O	The warning was plain , but held the air of strong counsel more than dire threat .
tr	O	You 're going to take it from me ?
tr	O	She allowed herself to simply drift in the pleasure of that realization and managed to doze off once more .
te	O	The door had slipped shut when he inched forward , swallowing the shadows and revealing an unruly shock of the blackest hair I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	He was on edge even though he had a hard time sleeping last night .
tr	O	Victoria took off her sunglasses and raised her brow while facing at Carmel with smile on her face .
tr	O	The smile Lawrence wore on his face that morning was slightly nervous , as if he was in the presence of royalty .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have told you about it now .
tr	O	Of course he would still be on the battlefields .
tr	O	Inside the compartment was a long wooden box ; Jace lifted the lid , and regarded the neatly arranged objects inside with satisfaction .
va	O	He grinned savagely at the CIA operative who had orchestrated the double cross .
va	O	Like the operator and the patrol the previous night he was used to hoaxes and people trying it on .
tr	O	She grabbed my head and tried to dunk me .
tr	O	When I finally came back down to Earth , he pulled his fingers out of me and jerked my skirt back down .
tr	O	He gave her a break alright , paying her five grand to shoot some porn with two random guys he pulled off a corner .
tr	O	I shall stick to eating fish .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , I opened the office door and walked in on a shirtless Scott talking on his phone .
tr	O	Skepticism was part of her nature ; she couldn 't help it .
va	O	The fury that had been building since the afternoon exploded .
tr	O	Emma threw me a pair of gloves and I slipped them on .
tr	O	She patted him on the arm .
tr	O	Cats were programmed to be something that both George and Martha disliked .
te	O	The agent gave her a sympathetic smile .
tr	O	He grazed the pads of his thumbs over them , and the sensation resonated at her core .
tr	O	I could survive this much at least .
tr	O	Tar sighed one of those big , expansive sighs .
tr	O	For that kind of money it encourages illegal poaching and significant jail time if caught .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't want her ranch .
tr	O	I run my hands up her nak * d thighs .
tr	O	His lips were so close , his eyes so intense .
tr	O	When I think back on it , I realize that I owe that heavy-handed villager an enormous debt of gratitude .
tr	O	It had not yet occurred to her that they had been used like property .
tr	O	I have heard so many screams that the whole town must be hoarse .
tr	O	They occupied a connected line of simple sheds that guarded them from winter snows or strong winds .
te	O	He pours wine down Tantalus ' throat until he sputters and chokes .
te	O	She hadn 't noticed that Sabine didn 't exactly talk back much .
va	O	He 's one of those people who was born skipping , and he 's an amazing talent , and he needs to be happy all the time .
tr	O	What they say goes .
tr	O	Bailey was on her second cup of Earl Grey before eight , but she couldn 't help but grin back .
tr	O	- When you are ready , we will check the wound .
te	O	But either her two elderly neighbors had their hearing aids turned down or they were already calling the cops .
te	O	Clay glanced at the document but didn 't take it , so Megan snatched it instead , skimming it from top to bottom .
tr	O	Her hand is lying on his arm , when she throws back her head for a hearty laugh .
va	O	The steam engine came to a wheezing , shuddering halt .
tr	O	Any doubts they had about him being a competent leader were dashed .
tr	O	And the piano , for what it was worth , didn 't sound nearly as bad as it looked .
tr	O	Malone decided it might be a good place to think .
tr	O	Still the handsomest male I 'd ever met on Earth .
tr	O	Renn spat into the bushes .
tr	O	He said he had left the door locked and I knew he would have .
tr	O	He had to make a second trip upstairs to carry down all her luggage .
te	O	And that knowledge made him feel ... lost .
te	O	Clementine felt the walkway rise and fall beneath us .
tr	O	I was taken out of the crowd , brought to the center of town , and whipped with a lash by the Prince of Lions himself .
tr	O	But logic had always taken a back seat where he was concerned .
va	O	' Who 's going to stop it ?
tr	O	It stuck to her hands as if it had been nailed there .
tr	O	Beth heard the steps outside creak as the officers mounted them .
tr	O	I 'd assumed she 'd be different .
tr	O	Ana gave Mina the slightest shove off the front edge , and then jumped off next to her and ran over to hug Maria .
va	O	She raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	Maybe in a month .
tr	O	I wanted to kick myself for being so self-absorbed and not truly understanding how difficult the transition from enlisted Marine to casual civilian must be for him .
tr	O	He blinked , his vision adjusting to the dark .
va	O	The flash flew in front of me , and in an instant , the creepy man was flying through the air .
tr	O	A true romantic , though he hid it well .
tr	O	Dad had just given it to her for Christmas , remember , and I was using it for a school project at the time .
tr	O	My head jerks up to see Nathan .
tr	O	This habit can be very disconcerting to the uninfected .
te	O	she asked Garrett brought his head around fast .
tr	O	A putrid hand shot out , gripping Sam 's throat .
tr	O	This wasn 't supposed to happen .
tr	O	Not bad odds for one op .
tr	O	I was a witch and I could accept that .
va	O	He drove smoothly out of the parking garage and turned the corner .
tr	O	Fuck , I bet I could take her for hours , on multiple surfaces before she grew tired .
tr	O	She laughed to herself .
tr	O	She took a shallow breath as he deftly undid the snap and zipper .
tr	O	Maryanne was a good columnist herself , or at least she was desperately striving to become one .
tr	O	Her hand landed on what felt like a piece of dried meat that had gone soggy from the water on the ground .
tr	O	She was glad she 'd stayed .
tr	O	This time there was only a two-day wait .
tr	O	It didn 't hold for daughters , apparently .
tr	O	But she 'd felt him watching her on too many occasions to count .
tr	O	I wasn 't even really surprised .
te	O	I didn 't need him to tell me why he had done it .
tr	O	Aria was always the first person to offer comfort to a person in distress .
tr	O	Next they purchased a heavy leather jacket for riding and a lighter , three-quarter length one to wear with her new outfits on cool evenings .
tr	O	I didn 't want to stay home so I jumped in my car and drove to Kat 's after throwing my sheets in the washer .
tr	O	Dreams are always crushing when they don 't come true .
tr	O	We thank you for the letter and your bravery .
te	O	Max bumped Preston again , but instead of pulling him closer , Preston shoved him over so he could reach the edge .
tr	O	Some stood with their arms folded , others with their hands on their bows or the hilt of their swords .
tr	O	How he despised it .
tr	O	During this time , Murdoch went to bed exhausted every day , hoping that he wouldn 't dream of Daniela .
tr	O	Chestnut hair framed her oval face in soft curls .
tr	O	I ´ m not .
tr	O	The counter had nothing on it .
tr	O	Ivy blushes even deeper .
tr	O	The Talent can be powerful , it can be unpredictable , and it can be disastrous .
te	O	' How are their necks moving ? '
tr	O	As they went out to the ticket office , Morton , ever the spy , looked carefully at everyone in sight .
tr	O	And my mother certainly hadn 't given it to me over the course of the last week .
tr	O	She was ready for her wedding and she looked exactly like a woman about to marry a king .
tr	O	What else hadn 't happened today ?
tr	O	Milo grabbed his cell and texted Alex , hoping he 'd left his phone on vibrate , rather than ringtone .
tr	O	He 's nearly a foot taller than me , his body hard and solid with the muscle and strength of someone close to my age .
va	O	There is always cause to strive for something better , to improve ourselves each day .
tr	O	The dirt and tiny plants between the obsidian columns had been burned recently .
tr	O	Her mother is waiting for her .
tr	O	The land , as far as he could see , consisted of solid black broken rock , which felt strangely soft under his boots .
tr	O	I pulled my pink transistor radio out of my shorts pocket and fiddled with the tuning dial .
tr	O	Phil finished the job with his semi-automatic AR-15 , thought by gun banners not to be useful as a hunting rifle .
tr	O	He seemed to think about this for a few seconds , then slowly approached me .
tr	O	Mum stands in front of me and takes my face in both hands .
tr	O	She brushed her cold fingertips against my cheek .
tr	O	Where could she go ?
tr	O	We had traveled a km or so past the destination before the overloaded vehicle managed to skid to a stop .
tr	O	Did everyone else seriously think she liked him and was actively trying to steal him from anyone ?
tr	O	He swore under his breath when he was finally able to focus his eyes on the only other occupant in the room .
tr	O	' I had a fight . '
tr	O	It felt that I was in somebody else 's game .
va	O	Silas raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	She caresses his hair .
tr	O	Skin adorned with sores and boils dripped from their bones .
tr	O	Then she shook her head .
tr	O	The warmer temperatures had held during the night , but now a chilly wind was beginning to blow .
tr	O	I love my husband , don 't get me wrong , but when Mike 's in charge , the kids pretty much rule the house .
tr	O	I know now that she forgives me for being dumb and scared and doing the dumb and scared thing .
tr	O	The others must not attempt to escape .
te	O	Had been cut off , with scissors I think .
tr	O	They had done this to him .
tr	O	He clearly enjoyed this .
te	O	Some prayed and some simply looked up at the vaults of heaven .
te	O	Daemon moved as close as he could with the chair between us .
tr	O	But what Dave didn 't realize was he was witnessing our reality .
tr	O	I felt him nod against my head and I continued .
tr	O	The bottom part of it was torn right before I was imprisoned here and right after Beelzebub took his fiery plunge .
te	O	Society deemed it barbaric and medieval , even primitive .
tr	O	Tie rock to tail and throw kitty in lake .
tr	O	' I 'm driving , get in now ! '
te	O	But never give freedom to those who remain , those who have oppressed you .
tr	O	There remained only a slack updraft from beneath .
va	O	This time the arrow punctured and lodged into a scale just below its jaw .
te	O	Besides , Julia was probably calling to share good news about her Farrell meeting , and good news could keep for five more minutes .
tr	O	The sirens were heading east , and he was heading west .
va	O	He let out a whoop of joy and stepped to the side so I could see too .
tr	O	She snarls as if she 's anything but .
tr	O	But where ´ s Uriel ?
te	O	He was driving himself mad .
tr	O	Half human and half vampire .
tr	O	They were separated by about an inch of chain along the necklace 's front .
te	O	When she had nearly filled up one arm , David offered the other , breathing a sigh of relief as her scribbling began to slow .
tr	O	Mac started up the car .
te	O	You didn 't have to do this , but I 'm so glad you did .
tr	O	Nine years of habitual deference glued her eyes to the floor and she began to shuffle back .
tr	O	This woman who wanted to throw herself into a career full of daily risks and evil he understood too well .
tr	O	Dew was already forming on the grass and I felt it saturate my thin satin slippers .
tr	O	Balancing the fence precariously , she jabbed a finger at the stranger , then jerked a thumb over her shoulder .
tr	O	My heart is asking me all kinds of questions .
va	O	Just before I reached the cleared ground of the old cemetery , I heard a sound to my left .
tr	O	She didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Dear God , just being seen in that thing could socially isolate me .
va	O	She chose to help the imbeciles against her better judgment and for what do you ask ?
tr	O	Is he here to help me make sense of all this chaos ?
tr	O	Neither acknowledged that this was anything but an ordinary day .
tr	O	He 'd envisioned spending the night with her many times over the years , but none of those visions ever included him using a spare bedroom .
te	O	I 'd never walked in snow so deep that each step required you to expend the energy of a toddler climbing a staircase .
tr	O	His shoulders relaxed when Susan kissed his cheek .
tr	O	She knew he would always try .
tr	O	They all looked so happy .
tr	O	His wife conveniently forgets who she 's married to , a college dropout and a man who has never managed a citrus grove in his life .
tr	O	But that was all he had the time to do .
tr	O	They were all on their feet by now .
va	O	You 're going to bend to my will .
tr	O	I fought against him but he pressed down painfully and I released the blade .
tr	O	He knew then that he would care for her with his life .
tr	O	Though through Toby , Mae began to hatch a scheme to rescue Sarah from her predicament .
te	O	But I settle for a small smile .
tr	O	Isn 't this just a peach , a male voice piped up inside her head .
tr	O	She wanted ... something .
tr	O	Finally , my senses fully kicked in .
te	O	She can read minds .
tr	O	It is easier to beg forgiveness than ask permission .
tr	O	The speed each of them operated also looked rehearsed .
tr	O	His next sentence kind of did .
tr	O	Their texts were time stamped earlier today .
va	O	He cleared his throat .
va	O	He ignored the pain in his back as he fought to regain control .
va	O	Reflections danced and whirled , pictures and futures that might be , a kaleidoscope of faces .
tr	O	After she finished , her eyes pleaded with her dad to understand .
tr	O	A steady , strong beat in spite of the fact that he was still nearly starving .
tr	O	Now , I 'll be mother .
tr	O	She kept stepping into the darkness as she spoke .
tr	O	Demon had to be the dog .
tr	O	' Well then , may I suggest that we go together to inspect the new village tomorrow .
tr	O	The guy they picked was young , and enthusiastic , but really nervous .
tr	O	He was inordinately irritated that she hadn 't been in her apartment , waiting for him .
tr	O	We decorated the trees and put them up above the parapet .
te	O	' And you think they will tell you ? '
tr	O	She had always lived in Charleston but some of her family had moved to Massachusetts and the McGee family was returning from a visit there .
tr	O	The whole town is going to be crawling with the FBI any minute now .
tr	O	How many times had he been shot ?
te	O	Night jerked her arm away from him .
tr	O	Maybe this place has a back exit ?
tr	O	Blood painted the cemetery grass .
tr	O	She flinched ; did everyone know their business ?
tr	O	Go now , and come back at three .
tr	O	There was invitation in her voice .
tr	O	I didn 't even know where to begin looking .
va	O	he asked examining an indentation and crack at the rear of the skull .
tr	O	He made her forget all the horror she 'd gone through without distracting her from the task at hand .
tr	O	He had made no further reference to it after she left his cubby for the last time more than twenty years back .
tr	O	The corner of his smile is twitching , like he wants to laugh .
tr	O	Levi inclined his head .
va	O	Without removing his eyes from Savannah 's , he muttered the only word he could think of .
tr	O	She deleted the words and then she clicked ALT then TAB to activate a different window -- her English module .
tr	O	He rarely did when they were on the run .
tr	O	I put out more Spirit .
va	O	Isn 't that what the constables and Bow Street are for ?
tr	O	Simard grabbed the cup of water and gulped it down .
tr	O	Half an hour later , I 'm amazed at my own naivete .
va	O	For intruders who are vampires .
tr	O	' Well , I suppose ... Could we have the Hour of the Dead back , Mr Gilt ? ' '
tr	O	It was my turn to be confused .
tr	O	Claire was used to the kind of fighting from the movies -- long , clanging duels with lots of moving around and occasional cape swirling .
tr	O	Just have a look at it . '
tr	O	I have a BOW .
tr	O	I ran before he had a chance to explain , and later I realized he probably hadn 't done anything wrong .
tr	O	Julienne 's mouth hung open for a moment , and then she fell over laughing .
tr	O	' We need to talk . '
tr	O	Vanessa and Errol plunged to the ground in pursuit of the fallen weapon .
tr	O	He lay on the ground on his side , his breath pushing sand away from his face .
tr	O	He looked down and smiled .
te	O	I had nothing to say to that .
tr	O	The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor .
tr	O	What was the element that required focus , the one most likely to yield returns ?
tr	O	Taking a deep breath she nodded and forced a smile .
tr	O	I drop to my knees and scoop up the beautiful onyx sand and let it bleed through my fingers .
tr	O	I was shocked beyond speaking .
tr	O	It 's practically proof they got the client because I had sex with him .
tr	O	His hands were cuffed .
tr	O	We didn 't need more of that .
tr	O	Bring some spheres and I 'll work out getting the right medical people to assist us with our testing .
tr	O	I couldn 't take it .
tr	O	When Peter pointed out that he too was a wizard of the first order , James conceded .
tr	O	I wasn 't about to give her the chance to say no , however .
tr	O	Still the seconds passed like hours as he could see the red energy beginning to be summoned .
te	O	Then Armstrong aimed at Dmitri .
tr	O	For Vinny , it was like taking candy from a baby .
tr	O	I don 't know what I came for , but I don 't want to do this anymore .
va	O	Chapter Eight The loud banging seemed to vibrate through my body .
va	O	The word sliced through her mind .
va	O	I could feel his yearning to break free .
tr	O	The midnight eyes darkened with that dangerous awareness that sent a thrill of excitement whispering over her skin .
tr	O	I should 've known better , every group that is overly genuine are either stupid , or bandits .
tr	O	I pay the fare and hustle up a flight of stairs to a landing where a bunch of lawyers keep small , separate offices .
tr	O	Bobby caught the door as it swung forward again , and latched it securely .
tr	O	Dobson would never be able to explain all of this away .
tr	O	They and all which are contained within them , and I love them .
tr	O	It had been much the same in the neighborhood in which Diego had grown up , so he understood what was going on .
tr	O	With power and transport protected , work began on keeping the food production functional .
tr	O	I was held up at the laboratories .
tr	O	Dayan brought Corinne 's fingers to his mouth once more , kissing them gently instead of crushing her to him as he wanted .
tr	O	Definitely his kind of girl .
va	O	I have heard you talk to the others .
tr	O	I could see the hazy outline of Logan 's body in the shower .
tr	O	He took her arm and gently put her back in motion .
te	O	I sympathized and she went on .
tr	O	I splurged and booked a luxury suite near the water , with a great view of Morro Rock .
tr	O	But as the minutes tick by , it seems less and less likely .
tr	O	It was difficult to think of anything but taking her , and only their present location kept him from trying .
tr	O	She really didn 't know what to think about the exchange of looks that flew before her .
tr	O	She was born to flirt , and flirt she did .
tr	O	And that was something she had absolutely no desire to answer .
tr	O	Who would be so brazen as to bring the war between Heaven and Hell to Earth ?
te	O	Grandpa shook his head as he bit into his fresh toast .
tr	O	It was several months before he remembered that he was supposed to write to his sister and then he asked the woman 's help .
te	O	I sigh , wipe a hand on a dishtowel and grab a card .
tr	O	Chapter Nine Impossible Suddenly Quite Possible Benedict walked to his carriage in silence .
tr	O	She knew it could well be too much .
va	O	A flustered look crept onto the Russian 's face .
te	O	When the door shut and she was alone in the hall she thought that it was almost too easy .
tr	O	Jo shook her head , pleased that sparks no longer flashed behind her eyes when she did so .
tr	O	Surrounding the patio were dozens of lemon trees and brightly colored homes , which faced the rolling ocean .
tr	O	Claire reached out like she would touch his arm , but her horse sidestepped and she had to bring it back under control .
tr	O	Elisa , I remembered .
tr	O	The radio crackled into life .
tr	O	Vulnerable , so easily harmed .
tr	O	He withdrew into himself a little as he thought of her , letting the conversation of his new friends wash over him .
tr	O	Some of the guests had thought they heard shouting in the night .
tr	O	A cup of coffee and a couple of protein bars served as breakfast and lunch .
te	O	' Get outta here , ' she laughed as Calvin appeared at Katherine 's side .
tr	O	For a brief moment she worried it might drag her across the room .
te	O	Its sole purpose was to announce the mission was a success , and his life depended on this .
tr	O	I set my mind to one specific task - calling the cops .
va	O	There was movement at his feet .
tr	O	She took it , and her soft heat was a jolt through his system .
tr	O	' Liz is the right woman for you , Cole .
tr	O	I hated myself for wanting the precious commodity of time to be wasted .
tr	O	And now , nearly two weeks later , here he sat with Hawk in the cantina .
tr	O	I wore shorts a hair 's width within dress code regs , and a button-up boy 's shirt that I hadn 't buttoned very diligently .
tr	O	Gregori laced his fingers through hers , clamping her to his side .
tr	O	It isn 't Sunday , and the bells didn 't ring .
tr	O	There was only one person who might see things differently .
tr	O	It was not every day that one 's dwelling was annexed by the Dragon Reborn himself .
tr	O	She was happy to see him , although she was trying hard to hide that fact .
tr	O	But I swore them to secrecy .
tr	O	Hundreds and hundreds of them .
tr	O	When they were settled , Celeste began the conversation .
tr	O	Z stopped talking and gazed up at the overhead cab .
tr	O	A werewolf with gleaming white teeth hurtled through the air toward her .
tr	O	It wasn 't like she needed one more thing to weigh her down .
tr	O	No one was trying to move him , as though they didn 't think it was worthwhile to even try .
tr	O	I glanced over to the cocoon of blankets on her bed .
tr	O	There wasn 't much new here that wasn 't in the mail but seeing everything well organized in one place made Darren see things differently .
tr	O	Centuries ago this system was set up so that disputes with neighboring cultures of a higher order could be settled in a chosen form of competition .
tr	O	Sharon was taken aback .
tr	O	I knew they had tried to find it out , to kidnap me and bring me to be tortured in front of him for extra leverage .
tr	O	Shayne 's a great father , and he 's my brother .
va	O	There was greenery below .
va	O	Chapter Eight I try to open my eyes , but it hurts to move .
tr	O	He could be anywhere by now .
tr	O	When he finally looked up once more it wasn 't just the rest of the squad who now looked on at him .
tr	O	I had this sensation of falling .
tr	O	I 'm comfortable talking with people .
tr	O	Many human scents were mingled together , impossible to pick out any that might have been a shifter .
tr	O	Brach lowered his coffee cup .
tr	O	He looked all around .
tr	O	She nodded to the Scotsman , and then to his followers , a few of them women , they 're expressions were full of action .
te	O	Today couldn 't get any better .
tr	O	He clicked on his computer next to him .
tr	O	He cursed and sprinted away , firing shots behind him into the lot .
tr	O	They also murdered him as an example to the other men to keep quiet .
tr	O	I didn 't think she even realized I was in the room .
tr	O	Ainsley couldn 't stop her laugh .
tr	O	But they had all seen it .
tr	O	At the edge of our light source , my eyes caught the faint glint of a metal surface , a yellow speck in the empty black void .
tr	O	He wore his trademark black jeans and unzipped black leather jacket over bare , muscled chest .
tr	O	You make a thing voluntary and then half the people do not do it .
tr	O	And he 'd liked handmade shoes as well , and they were a tolerable fit .
tr	O	I thought it was funny they gave me Spanish as a foreign language class , considering I was fluent .
tr	O	Winkler and the others had come in sometime during the day but they were resting .
tr	O	Is this all we 'll ever be , Finn ? '
tr	O	I take some deep breaths .
va	O	A bigot 's bigot .
tr	O	Catered deli meats , cheeses , and pastries filled the counters on all sides of them .
tr	O	I want to forget all the uncertainties growing in my life and make him forget dark closets and tape and belts and his silent prison .
tr	O	My body stayed rigid until the sound of the engine faded when he turned left at the end of the street .
tr	O	I enjoyed scents and sounds I hadn 't experienced in decades and it was amazing ... but something wasn 't right .
tr	O	( laughs ) It was all a gas .
tr	O	His hand rested easily on his sword and his eyes continually moved around their area as they moved .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Knowing that Drake would appear with the coming of nightfall , Elena felt a growing sense of excitement as the shadows grew long .
va	O	Jonas groaned in frustration as she fumbled awkwardly .
tr	O	Without a word , she swung a leg over the edge of the tomb , twisted , and began to descend .
va	O	Yes , these two had often made unwise choices but , despite that fact , they all three survived .
tr	O	Appeared to just stand there and check us out .
tr	O	Abigail threw her towel over her shoulder .
va	O	She had done it !
tr	O	' Last week as well , I 'm afraid , ' I murmured .
tr	O	Like things were right again .
tr	O	I would not be all alone with only me fears to keep me company .
tr	O	Like a soldier ready to dash into enemy fire , Gemma straightened her shoulders , lifted her chin a notch and marched forward , her petticoats snapping .
tr	O	They were both standing in her kitchen .
tr	O	They were shell shocked when they discovered that he was the head of the entire Kursk Empire .
tr	O	First she was in the castle , now she was here - and he didn 't doubt for a minute that she was behind this horrendous meal .
tr	O	A moment later a loud grating noise filled the air .
tr	O	I didn 't even hesitate .
tr	O	He looked like he wanted to ask a question but shook it off .
tr	O	Yes , I held her .
te	O	He 'd grown up here , but his childhood memories weren 't the best .
tr	O	At first Four thinks it 's Number Six coming to help us .
tr	O	Leander Jack nodded and they slowly entered the room .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry we 're late .
tr	O	It was getting late in the day as she neared her campsite .
te	O	She made a mewing sound .
tr	O	What if something I did now was the key to him being there to warn me on the Metro ?
te	O	An occasional grouse hunt got organized , but the guests were usually more preoccupied with the stunning collection of tall blondes at their disposal .
tr	O	She 'd dreamed of a storybook reconciliation but all she 'd succeeded in doing was distress Marjorie , Claire and herself .
tr	O	I pull her close and drift back to sleep , breathing in her strawberry scent .
tr	O	He pulled open the door .
tr	O	And I understand what my parents have lost and why they 're so concerned about me .
tr	O	I asked him with an exasperated breath .
tr	O	He nodded but before he could reply , Digger began sniffing at Ty 's feet and nudged his leg with her nose , begging for attention .
va	O	Peter took a tentative step forward and placed his ear a few inches from the door .
tr	O	She was so tender with him .
tr	O	One of the empty bags rustled and shifted .
tr	O	I found some photos and this old newspaper article about some place called Cookie 's Cafe , right outside of Fallen .
tr	O	The smaller Youth League members scattered about them , crying .
tr	O	Finding weaknesses was a better use of my time than throwing a fit .
te	O	* When Renton had showered and changed at the hospital , he felt more at ease , but it didn 't last long .
tr	O	I tried not to think about the other thing .
tr	O	Guy wondered if any letter had ever been read more than that one .
tr	O	Life , although it may only be an accumulation of anguish , is dear to me , and I will defend it .
tr	O	She walked for a bit and ended up in front of another door .
tr	O	She showed no reaction .
tr	O	Feeling triumphant , I head off in that direction .
te	O	' I 'll make it a sandwich , ' I said quickly , pulling the plate back .
tr	O	He 'd thought he might get more of a reaction .
va	O	I didn 't want to deal with any emotions I couldn 't understand , much less control .
tr	O	For the first time since she set foot in this cursed ship she almost felt happy .
te	O	When they had first moved to the house , Elle thought the lake looked most beautiful at night when the moonlight reflected silver on its surface .
tr	O	The veggie clones already in here with us had ceased their attack .
tr	O	He continues to walk toward the center of the park .
tr	O	The rabbit visits with sticky rice wrapped in ghostly lotus leaves .
tr	O	Rage descended like a red haze across his vision and he no longer wanted to control it .
tr	O	But nothing comes except for a faint itch in my throat and a headache .
tr	O	A foundation board meeting was held in January , but Heath had called in rather than come home from his vacation .
tr	O	Then she walks back to where he is sitting and puts down a basin containing water .
tr	O	He kept his hands molded to her behind , and he reclaimed the step she 'd taken back .
tr	O	Once they were on the road , Sam had more questions for Anderson Braddock .
tr	O	She left , and he knew that he would have to tell her tonight that he wasn 't interested .
tr	O	As good as she was at missing sleep and still functioning , she was really starting to feel the effects of this stressful situation .
tr	O	I hope you enjoy these stories , these small slices of my life .
va	O	he said looking towards his brother .
tr	O	My father - ' The priest raised his hand soothingly . '
tr	O	She heard the wet , squishing sounds they made .
te	O	He smiled again , sheepishly .
tr	O	It was not that he was indifferent to the pulsing danger in the air .
te	O	She tosses something toward me and the unknown object hits my shoulder .
tr	O	Such are often the failings of education systems , where teachers might alter grades based on their opinions of the students .
tr	O	But he also may not care if he starts a war . '
tr	O	She was feeling like a human being , living life instead of struggling with it for a change .
va	O	I was exceedingly pleased with my reflection for the first time in , well , I didn 't even know when .
va	O	A healthy green salad just like mother used to make !
tr	O	He hugged each man in turn .
tr	O	He was the glue that held our family together .
te	O	Jenny could see again , and she saw that the dark mist was gathering itself , coalescing .
tr	O	His mouth opens as if to speak , but then his features turn black and he takes a foreboding step toward me , lips parted .
tr	O	I ´ m out in the clear .
tr	O	You two boys have fun .
tr	O	Granted , she had the most free time , since Alix was working and Carol was staying home with little Cameron .
tr	O	The young British soldier shook his head .
va	O	Lizzie asked curiously , as he opened the companionway door to the outer deck .
tr	O	Alexander was thrown back in with me , beaten and bloodied .
tr	O	It doesn 't have to be this way .
tr	O	She was so beautiful when she laughed .
tr	O	But none of what he told me was true .
tr	O	I 'm flat broke , and I 'm pretty sure Mack is aware of that .
tr	O	I 've seen it with my own eyes , and there is no one to stop him but me .
tr	O	Simone unconsciously squared her shoulders as she realized that she was staring at the man like a half-wit .
tr	O	He caught the concern in her voice .
tr	O	He held her gaze without blinking .
va	O	Had she heard right ?
tr	O	I 'll have to deal with that later .
tr	O	Her laughter instantly stopped and she was mortified someone knew she was in the secluded cave and most likely knew what she was doing .
tr	O	I brushed a trembling hand through my hair and moistened my lips .
va	O	All you need to know is I 'm not looking for a relationship .
tr	O	Bash spent five years exposed to children who were abused and angry .
tr	O	She needed to rest and she needed time to rest .
tr	O	Rhett gave me a look and then turned back to Holden .
tr	O	Chapter 28 The Grand Canyon was ablaze with color in the setting rays of the sun .
tr	O	I had leaned forward to focus on her myself .
tr	O	Her eyes filled with tears and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	O	Now Shane , call Eline and get her off my back .
tr	O	Lina didn 't ever want the new wolves to leave .
va	O	I sat down on the bed next to her .
tr	O	Rachel was curled around Nate when he regained consciousness .
tr	O	I think back to the first time I met Cam .
va	O	Are you watching me now ?
tr	O	He 'd been attending services with Hannah for the past few Sundays and was surprised to find church wasn 't nearly as bad as he 'd assumed .
tr	O	So she resolved herself .
te	O	Some people fix plumbing .
tr	O	They were getting closer .
tr	O	I never cared much for my celebrity status as the scientist 's daughter .
tr	O	She leaned in despite that , close enough that he could smell her breath and hear the ancient voices running inside her .
tr	O	We don 't know what that might mean , where it will end or even where we will be when it does end .
tr	O	But he was foolish to bring you here .
tr	O	Turning from him , I gave a short wave over my shoulder .
tr	O	The arrival of his faithful retainer and friend , Joe , interrupted his thoughts : Joe was leading the only horse left in the stables .
tr	O	I played around with him for a few minutes before going downstairs .
tr	O	She grabbed his shirt front and fisted her fingers around the material .
tr	O	At the same time , it was downloaded to my neural interface .
tr	O	He understood , so he took Fei Yen 's chin in his hand and lifted her gaze to meet his .
tr	O	She tried to fight the pain , tried to surface all the way from her sleepiness .
tr	O	He told them to accept what had happened and go on with their lives , and to take better care of the daughter they had left .
tr	O	Man , that disappointment wasn 't far behind .
tr	O	But I think it was the idea of him I liked , not the real person .
tr	O	' A message , Minister Keno . '
tr	O	She wasn 't the least bit afraid of him .
te	O	His eyes opened , catching details too small for normal eyes to see , and focused on the four men rushing toward him .
tr	O	The waitress comes over and we place our order for food and Mason orders us a shot .
tr	O	Rush 's mom had been married to Grant 's dad when they were kids .
tr	O	Dragon and Crane would have scowled before wading into that mess and yelling at all of them .
tr	O	I took a moment to sniff the roses and inhale their delightful aroma .
tr	O	I took a careful step away .
tr	O	The Banyan tree 's limbs stretched out , beckoning for me to climb under their thick , grey branches .
tr	O	His face was illuminated in the glow of the digital clock on the desk .
tr	O	While several trucks seemed to be converging on me , I heard several others take off to the south .
tr	O	I was afraid to agree .
tr	O	It was very beautiful and probably cost a fortune .
tr	O	Ellery kept moving the hot dog closer to my mouth .
tr	O	Would anyone like to take a trip to the mushroom farm ?
tr	O	Rearranging his legs , stretching long instead of crossing , Culver gave her question a good amount of consideration .
va	O	You know who she saw .
va	O	These Internet kids you hate so much are the lifeblood of our business .
va	O	Surprised because she didn 't have a clue what she was doing .
tr	O	With a look of grim satisfaction , he tucked the man under an arm and flew into the air .
tr	O	They result from natural causes which God Himself creates .
tr	O	she asked , trying for a casual tone .
tr	O	What if he is ?
va	O	I 'd held on to that , and for a brief time , I 'd been happy .
tr	O	When I read my last entry , I ran to Renée , as I did not know what to do .
tr	O	He leaned against his sedan in the dim light of the parking lot and put out one cigarette only to light another .
te	O	He smiled at the sight of her and , unable to contain herself , she slipped through the door and into his arms .
va	O	Scribner took a firm grasp of the case .
tr	O	He was following her meaning .
tr	O	He had to go to court .
tr	O	She went down hard , a shocked look on her face .
tr	O	Shadowhunters stood or knelt or cast into the orange flames handfuls of the pale white Alicante flowers that grew even in the winter .
tr	O	Grayson Hughes stalked around the empty interior .
tr	O	Just as soon as you tell me everything about Nathan .
tr	O	I told her about what had happened over the passed couple of weeks and she sat down , shock on her face all the way through it .
tr	O	I tried to quiet my mind , focusing on him .
tr	O	Late spring sunshine painted the scene a cheery yellow .
te	O	Our entry requirements are strict ; you are one of only a handful of students from around the country who is eligible to test for entry .
tr	O	I hadn 't slept in thirty hours .
tr	O	How long would it be when he sees her again ?
tr	O	Did you hear them , Legolas ?
tr	O	For a time there was silence as Lord Brogan studied her face , and then he sat back in his chair .
tr	O	She heard the loud meows before the elevator door even opened .
tr	O	It was in places like this that eternity happened .
tr	O	The gunman on the other side suddenly realized that his only cover had vanished .
tr	O	There 's some mountains down south with pretty flat tops , you know .
te	O	I walked over to the sink and stared at my reflection .
va	O	This is where she put all the emotions that she wanted to forget .
tr	O	I had no reason to doubt his identity .
tr	O	With the heel of her foot , she struck him behind the knee , knocking him off balance yet again .
tr	O	I cracked the smallest of smiles .
tr	O	I 'm glad Todd called me .
tr	O	I am a proud father .
tr	O	Everything stilled inside her .
tr	O	Did everyone know but her ?
tr	O	Did that just come out of his mouth ?
tr	O	After another glance at the woman , he made a decision : It would be the river .
tr	O	The progress bar read 87 percent completed for whatever information he was getting and the bar kept going up .
tr	O	He didn 't want to start in the men 's room , because that would be too obvious a choice .
tr	O	She gasped and he made an apologetic wave of his hand as he rose from the couch .
tr	O	I don 't know how to turn the valve and open that part of me .
tr	O	Maybe he was right ; maybe it would help .
te	O	The others followed suit .
te	O	I looked beyond the debris to the purple nebula around us .
tr	O	Kendall added her knowledge , trying to help prod for information .
te	O	She wondered if anyone else noticed that Ana pretty much ignored her when they hung out at Vai Place with the others .
te	O	Denison rubbed his eyes .
tr	O	With less confidence than she 'd had earlier Amy said , ' Nothing .
tr	O	Are you ever going to stop growing ?
tr	O	It was a small settlement , with one main road and two side streets that intersected the main road .
tr	O	Fitted clothes look much better , you 'll find .
tr	O	You may find some more answers if you come .
te	O	that 's what you said .
tr	O	He 'd hit another dead end .
tr	O	I just needed to stand there for a moment with my head pressed against the wall and my arms dangling at my sides .
tr	O	He glanced back to the staff .
tr	O	Jessica had begun to realize that he never wore a coat , no matter how cold it got .
tr	O	I want the bastard who thinks it 's funny to taunt me with my daughter .
tr	O	It was obviously wounded , clutching its bloody side , and I sank my daggers into its throat before it could snarl .
tr	O	That evening , Suzanna and Amy dressed for dinner and went down to the restaurant .
tr	O	I don 't even enjoy my favorite drink anymore because it only reminds me of Henry .
te	O	It killed her , but Milne had to finish her while she had the chance .
tr	O	I might as well have been struggling against a pair of steel vices .
tr	O	Goddamn superpower with the ability to blow up the world a thousand times over , but can 't manage clean water on a train .
tr	O	She took a deep breath , let it out in a sigh .
tr	O	What have you done ?
tr	O	Dinah rose to go to George , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room .
va	O	The younger mayflies listened politely .
tr	O	Or killed by Kate 's people to stop her from naming them ?
tr	O	Not with much success .
tr	O	He scowled when he saw her .
tr	O	Before she could decide where the influence was radiating from , the second car suddenly floored its engine .
te	O	He flashed a grin at me as he touched his nose .
tr	O	We haven 't been that careful about locking it , since we 're on the second floor , but apparently we should have been .
tr	O	Call me the following week , and if you don 't mind , would you bring Mister down to my house in Palmdale ?
tr	O	He knew before he entered the living room that Daemon was listening to one of those TV channels that played nothing but music .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing a jacket .
tr	O	She lay back down and looked up at the blue sky .
tr	O	And now someone was threatening everything she had .
tr	O	Unless there is someone else in the room with you .
tr	O	She forced herself to pull back from his mouth .
tr	O	When she was right next to him , she took a deep breath .
va	O	Letting her mother 's soft scent fill her nose , she wanted to memorize every detail about the woman in case she never saw her again .
tr	O	Flush with this heat she 'd changed colors .
te	O	She turned on the overhead light and looked around .
tr	O	He looked me in the eye , his expression signalling to me that he had already come to a conclusion .
tr	O	Or maybe it had just scared the shit out of both of them .
tr	O	We walk towards an empty sofa .
tr	O	Her parents had a huge hold over her decisions , and now she finally saw them for what they were .
tr	O	Two security guards also ambled over , adding two more humans - and two more weapons - to the fray .
tr	O	' Hi , ' the girl with the auburn hair said to me .
te	O	The sheaf of music paper spilled to the floor .
tr	O	With her head on my shoulder , we trudged towards her Mustang , which felt about a million miles away .
tr	O	she exclaimed , now climbing up and then holding on to the top bar .
tr	O	I was still beside the rhythmically throbbing little engine .
tr	O	My eyes slowly adjust to the bright light of the noonday sun as I begin to drive once more .
tr	O	But that wasn 't the truth .
va	O	He didn 't look too bad himself , dressed once again in a fitted Lacoste shirt and dark jeans .
tr	O	I whistled , impressed by the giant showerhead embedded in the ceiling , which sprayed water straight down like a waterfall .
tr	O	She put her palm on his bare chest .
va	O	Thank the Wyrd his father had left , because he was fairly certain the king would have flayed her for it .
tr	O	His hair was coarse , black , and rather sparse , and his obviously expensive yellow clothing was none too clean .
tr	O	Sparkling waves stretched to the horizon and beyond .
tr	O	They tested the equipment .
tr	O	She reached out a hand and touched Gracie 's cheek .
tr	O	He wondered what she would say if he suggested it , then chided himself for being a fool .
tr	O	Dark country highways were dangerous enough with a person 's full attention on the road .
tr	O	I also planned for you to burn my house down , and I tricked you into killing my mother .
tr	O	Who could possibly love his Bug ship ? '
te	O	He then realized why she was here .
tr	O	If you 're interested just because you want a drummer you 'll have to talk to him .
tr	O	As they dismounted , one of the valets from the First Senatorial emerged from the house and hurried to take the reins of their horses .
te	O	It quickly grew damp .
va	O	He and Ashe both heard the whispered conversation between the young men .
tr	O	The next morning George decided he 'd prefer to drink his water exclusively from the bathtub .
tr	O	~ * ~ When morning came and Titus still hadn 't returned , Selena couldn 't help being worried .
tr	O	How is it the Director of Security had not seen it and addressed it before ?
tr	O	I walk out of the room with Onyx right behind me , as usual .
tr	O	He glanced at his watch .
tr	O	I dedicated how much time and money to you , and you just walk out on me .
tr	O	' I 've only brought you to a crabby hotel . '
tr	O	They used a stencil .
tr	O	And why did she want him to come over to that door ?
tr	O	We strolled through the woods for about an hour before reaching an open field , one of the few still undeveloped on the island .
tr	O	She was a local painter of some repute , had been on the circuit for fifteen years already .
tr	O	Andrew left Aaron and Kevin to guard their seats and brought Neil with him to get their drinks .
tr	O	I need a job , but you hardly need my buy-in .
tr	O	Barely one in ten Tanzanians has electricity or a flushing toilet .
tr	O	I looked over the railing and spotted Peyton waving frantically below .
tr	O	And that 's not all we started back doing .
tr	O	If he could get rid of the rage , then Jackie would be safe .
tr	O	Her brothers constantly nagged her to buy something newer and cooler , but so far she held firm and ignored their digs .
tr	O	Both had fallen asleep on the decorative wrought iron bench , bundled in blankets , her with the gun , him with the knife .
tr	O	He can feel a familiar kind of anger growing beneath his chest , and he wants to find something to calm the acid bubbling in his stomach .
va	O	She could let him guide her , let him have some of her , because she trusted him as she 'd never trusted another man .
tr	O	The sight made me heart flutter a little .
va	O	Edd , how I wish I had your strength right now , he prayed .
tr	O	Maybe that was what happens when you die and come back to life , you have these weird quirks you never had before .
te	O	An old man wearing a knitted cap , Tom 's old overalls and pink mittens pushes a shopping cart loaded down with blankets and clothes .
tr	O	Amjad did that thing he did so well , looking one in the eye and talking about them in third person , sidelining them .
tr	O	He stepped aside , and Kim shuffled in .
va	O	I rubbed his shoulder , wishing I could think of anything to say .
tr	O	Bride cut a small piece of pie .
te	O	So far , he looked as if he were just sitting there minding his own business , nursing a bad beer .
tr	O	I was shouting , and I didn 't normally shout at D. I didn 't know what to do with myself .
tr	O	He was here to take her away from everything she knew and loved .
tr	O	I smiled , shaking my head .
te	O	There were several attempts by reporters to sneak in , but the security team nabbed them every time .
tr	O	I just did what I had to do to get him into the test .
te	O	This will explain the general history but none of this is documented facts .
tr	O	Her mouth curved seductively .
tr	O	I turned from the landscape and moved toward his door .
te	O	He became a favourite of everybody .
tr	O	She regretted that she hadn 't touched it when she had the chance .
tr	O	Death raised a thin finger to where his lips might have been , and suddenly looked thoughtful .
tr	O	I can hear him breathing .
tr	O	Gabriel reached me in no time .
tr	O	I gulp , looking over my shoulder as I cross the street .
tr	O	But you don 't have to stick around .
tr	O	Rogues have a public service corps - purely volunteer , but we take care of things that need to be done .
tr	O	So she said nothing at all .
va	O	It was simply his nature .
tr	O	She didn 't struggle .
tr	O	I pick up several pamphlets from the corner of his desk and slowly flip through them .
tr	O	Her eyes were starting to itch from all that cat hair .
tr	O	She led him to the door of her condo .
tr	O	Why don 't you go sleep someplace else ?
tr	O	Nestled in the peaks of Red Mountain was Raven Hill .
tr	O	Serena stands and takes a step back , embarrassed to be caught in a moment of weakness .
tr	O	She was about to start to cry again .
tr	O	Cullen lay with his eyes closed , but his hand was moving slowly across the comforter to find her fingers .
tr	O	She sat staring straight ahead , stubbornly silent as he drove to the kindergarten .
tr	O	Maybe he actually did know .
tr	O	So , let 's start somewhere .
tr	O	I hold it up as the light pours through its sky blue eye , and swear to God it just winked at the two of us .
tr	O	Blood feuds had been put aside for him .
te	O	Cale stiffened over her , then drove inside her , even deeper than before .
tr	O	It was my past .
tr	O	Nothing could have been further from the truth .
tr	O	Her chin nearly hit her chest as she nodded .
tr	O	The man was literally taking apart a ghetto type area and replacing it with just about everything anyone could need .
te	O	I don 't need to read lips to know what Lacey 's saying .
va	O	He shared every bit of his treatment with me .
tr	O	He led the way to the pilot plant and picked up the file which still lay where Dave had dropped it .
tr	O	Although he didn 't know her very well , she seemed to be acting out of character .
tr	O	I wanted to know what they looked like .
tr	O	Stroke or not , Nana could take care of herself , and Aunt Mimi would be thrilled to see her .
tr	O	I don 't really know how to explain it to you right now , but he is gone .
tr	O	You 're going to come live with me for a few days .
te	O	Jack stood up from his seat at the kitchen table .
tr	O	Russ finished his beer , then belched and crushed the can .
va	O	But that was close to the front , there could be fighting there even now .
tr	O	Betty walked around the shop and pulled out a few dresses .
te	O	It didn 't appear to be open .
tr	O	They put a job out for a bid to pre-qualified non-governmental parties and the lowball wins .
tr	O	Until you showed up , I was trying to put this behind me .
tr	O	Daily Sandra signed waivers and filled out forms .
tr	O	I clenched my hands to fists ; my eyes alert for any motion .
tr	O	His eyes kept returning to the coke that Grandma delivered on his order , and he stirred the bubbles with his straw .
tr	O	I considered this , following his chain of thought .
tr	O	Let the feel of his arms holding her steal her away from the reality of what was inevitable .
tr	O	I don 't know why or how or what or anything at all except that he is still my friend .
tr	O	But I 'm not counting .
te	O	The ceremony certainly couldn 't take very long ; no more than fifteen minutes at the most , right ?
tr	O	Aston looks at me and winks , and I try not to roll my eyes again .
tr	O	Despite the reason we were here , the look on her face made me smirk .
tr	O	They 'd be useful .
tr	O	I slid my tongue across his bottom lip .
tr	O	The first bullet shattered the window and the driver slumped forward .
tr	O	Lost in the patterns , I jumped as a voice pulled me out of my musings .
tr	O	Chad pulled Bree along as they made their way down the plain , narrow hallway .
te	O	You 're the chemical expert .
tr	O	He knew that his voice sounded stark and savage with the force of his need .
tr	O	He wasn 't scared .
tr	O	I was talking myself in circles .
te	O	As she stands , the spikes elongate and more of them pop out along her skin .
te	O	* The next day I awoke to see her standing over me .
tr	O	The core would become solid and the projectile would hit the plate and shatter the core .
tr	O	In a few short hours , I 'll be on my plane , heading to California to be with Ellery .
va	O	Cosmo grunted in agreement .
tr	O	If they were to give up on their cause , even in the last days of their life , then they were incomplete .
te	O	Of course it will , what a stupid question , thought Zoey .
tr	O	Sam comes up behind us and drapes an arm over my shoulder .
tr	O	But once Jeremy had a chance to think about it , he was pretty sure he could guess .
tr	O	I thought he 'd freak out , but his expression remained calm .
va	O	I was sure that it was true .
tr	O	You also said my confidence .
te	O	He reached over , smoothing his thumb along my lower lip .
tr	O	Then the regular cycle of pedals .
tr	O	He tried to shift again , and in doing so , my head slipped from his arm , bumping into the floor .
tr	O	Sarah nodded and watched him with concern .
tr	O	She was ready to risk her life for the men that she loved .
te	O	Maybe they 're not real in the atoms and electrons sense , but I think they are more than just products of our imagination .
tr	O	I don 't think its good for me to get any attachments this summer , since I 'm going back home at the end of August .
tr	O	Soon she was out of sight , and without running she seemed to fly along the ground till she was back at the Whispering Stones .
te	O	Shayne had stripped me of it all .
tr	O	Out of fear we have given the keys to this school to the corrupt and the evil that walk through our hallways .
va	O	and the other was I think I am annoyed .
tr	O	She jogs back toward the house .
te	O	With a quiet crackle , the garbage bag fel away when he grabbed it but the kid held on to what was in - Oh my God .
va	O	None of that sounded very comfortable .
tr	O	He makes threats of kicking me out as he spits in my face .
tr	O	It would also give their doctors and medical personnel a chance to study their species in the event of further medical emergencies .
te	O	He nodded and we sailed back to the house and spent a quite evening with the family around the barbeque .
va	O	Graham had never had sex with a human before , and he feared he 'd not be able to gentle himself enough for Misty .
va	O	Her lips parted , her desire as clear as the dual meaning of her words .
te	O	His mother sent her a scowl and started muttering to herself .
tr	O	Hopefully she was on file and I could find out who she was .
tr	O	Before Kylie got to her side , Della popped back up , apparently unharmed .
te	O	She shot him a rueful laughing look over her shoulder as she crouched down in front of the refrigerator .
tr	O	I have told her she can talk to me about it all if she needs to .
tr	O	Are you mad at me ?
tr	O	There was no telling how many times in the last eight years Wulf had met Marie .
tr	O	She spun toward the dais .
tr	O	I could even imagine the passing scenes outside , the deer looking up in fright as the monstrous machine bolted by in the darkness .
tr	O	She coughed at the foul taste in her mouth .
tr	O	The videos are all over the Web .
te	O	Amy saluted her mother as the com screen became a plain mirror once again .
te	O	I 've not looked at a Fae 's blood before .
tr	O	mother asked in shock .
tr	O	Half of them fell out on the floor and she bent down and gathered them up , stuffing them back in .
tr	O	Maybe , just maybe , the castle they live in holds an evil spirit that needs removing and we get the call .
tr	O	He wore nothing but trousers and a shirt ; his weapons belt hung on a nail peg inside the bunk .
va	O	Tuck 's voice trailed off and the phone disconnected , leaving Aran with nothing but a dead line for the second time .
tr	O	It was enough that they 'd committed treason against the crown , in addition to murdering other vampires .
tr	O	Then she stabbed him one last time .
va	O	He fell asleep with that last image in his mind .
tr	O	All of Sophie 's physicians are gathered in one area and turn to look at the former president when he walks in .
tr	O	Any man who had found his fortune in California or any man not willing to travel as far as the west coast hurried eagerly to the Platte .
va	O	She should have known he wouldn 't have the patience to wait for a better time to seek her out .
tr	O	Bond got the general picture , and it stayed with him long after the other man was asleep and snoring softly with a gentle regular clicking sound .
tr	O	Stopped when I stopped at the storage closet for the bucket and mop .
tr	O	How many had she had ?
tr	O	He raised a hand up and motioned to his partner outside .
tr	O	What did she mean for his sister ?
tr	O	At the end of another hallway stood a solitary door .
tr	O	A few alighted and a few others boarded it .
tr	O	He went back and got her on horseback .
tr	O	I take a bottled water from the cooler instead .
tr	O	he practically shouted at me .
va	O	He didn 't wait but scooped a handful out of the can .
tr	O	We hadn 't even had a full semester that way .
tr	O	I could only stare back .
tr	O	CRS may be perfectly legitimate , but it attracts a lot of clients who are not .
tr	O	Usually she had her face buried in her hands or she left the room .
tr	O	Yelling at Stanton is just one more thing on a long list of insanity .
tr	O	And I was there .
te	O	But still he was not normally awake .
tr	O	This man is changing me .
tr	O	I guess all the while we 'd been planning the trip , she 'd been planning to be ill .
tr	O	Darnell shifted , his hand tightened around his gun .
va	O	She hadn 't meant to say that .
tr	O	Notice that I 'd reverted to my original name .
tr	O	Then Jase pulled up the blanket and top sheet to be sure Luis 's shoulders were covered .
tr	O	She chose to ignore it however as she brought some of the questions that had been bothering her ever since their departure from Fear .
tr	O	It was dark at first , and the room was silent , other than the sound of our ragged breathing .
te	O	What if things went bad ?
tr	O	Which brought another realization to mind .
tr	O	Abby and I were heading to the library to meet Ivy when we passed Heidi Rosen talking excitedly to her friend outside the auditorium .
tr	O	All the files on those deaths have walked .
tr	O	Fortunately , in keeping with the boys ' tradition , they served greasy burgers and beer .
tr	O	The access key had allowed him to tap an unimaginable river , a tempest as vast as the ocean .
tr	O	The collective groan could be heard all around as the blast from a carved horn of a black ram cut through the night airs .
va	O	I waited for him to respond , not sure if he saw so much red that my words didn 't register or was contemplating what I said .
va	O	Eliot 's stomach jumped at the words .
tr	O	We loved the creativity , the feeling that we were making something from nothing .
tr	O	A moment later his eyes rounded and he jerked his gaze back to her .
tr	O	What was left of the damn thing .
tr	O	I 'm somewhat surprised to see you so early in the day .
tr	O	It was her job to identify locations that were suitable for episodes of Dead of Night .
tr	O	You could almost feel their love taking over the entire room .
tr	O	Abigail went to kneel in front of Robert but he quickly stopped her .
tr	O	It was supposed to come naturally , but nothing since he 'd touched Madeleine 's soft white skin had felt natural .
tr	O	Savannah came into the manor and noticed Faye just staring down at the marks in the floor .
va	O	Why should I choose such an impossible path ?
tr	O	Kenny shared a glance with Gray , glassy with shock .
te	O	A small shiver ran down her spine .
tr	O	Oh , and that 's in her private lounge room .
tr	O	Amy didn 't agree .
tr	O	Sasha was surprised to find she was not annoyed by his insistence on protecting her .
tr	O	It came to a rest at the feet of the creatures of the complex .
tr	O	She tucks her hair behind her ear again .
te	O	We ride on the back of the wagon .
te	O	Wolves were big and scary and so fluffy , how could anyone resist hugging one just to feel all that fur ?
va	O	He held his serious expression for a few seconds , then chuckled .
tr	O	The family was so happy , they insisted they find a reason to keep me traveling , and sent me toward their family here .
tr	O	For a moment , Damen was perplexed as to why Mairi had to question his lust for her .
tr	O	We only have your word for who you are . '
va	O	With the growing sounds of Corky 's struggle , Tolland felt a helpless sensation he had not felt in years .
tr	O	Ransom gave him a wry grin .
tr	O	I jumped and felt Michael 's hand on the small of my back .
tr	O	I said with a tentative wave back .
va	O	Painter sank deeper in his seat , his heart thudding harder as he considered the hunters already on Kai and the professor 's trail .
te	O	He chuckled to himself and walked down the length of the train .
tr	O	The horse , also shocked with the noise of the bang , was more determined to make good her flight .
te	O	He could hear them trying to make no noise .
tr	O	His hair was vaguely blonde with thick gray tufts infesting it .
tr	O	Decker wasn 't the sort to appreciate sympathy .
tr	O	A smile came slowly to the face of the oldest man .
te	O	The tiredness was starting to catch up to me .
tr	O	While she took notes , I took the opportunity to look at Const .
tr	O	Ice stared for a few moments , drawn back in time by the sight of the familiar items .
tr	O	Wyatt had told her ... he 'd said his blood was poison to the primal vampires .
tr	O	I put my hand to my heart in mock horror .
tr	O	She couldn 't hide the pain in her voice .
tr	O	I didn 't even think about food .
te	O	It was my turn to do the smiling and nodding .
tr	O	He 'd been so proud of her , he 'd almost done it .
tr	O	The man on the right shouted while moving forward to grab her .
tr	O	Morning light poured in through glass windows and cast bright rectangles on the floor .
tr	O	She walked over and lifted his chin , towering over him .
tr	O	This is not exactly what we had planned , but it is definitely an adventure .
tr	O	A teenage girl stood in the doorway .
tr	O	He kissed my chin .
tr	O	We tilted our heads , checking the van , looking up and down the road .
tr	O	I knew nothing else I could say .
tr	O	Still panting from his violent outburst , Kane stood to stare Leon in the face .
tr	O	He walks out of the lab before Pierre has a chance to say anything else .
tr	O	Alcide backed in , which surprised me ; but I decided that it was a good idea .
tr	O	I leaned against the wall , protected by the roof overhand from the rain .
tr	O	That the future lay wide open and bright before him ?
tr	O	This much was true .
tr	O	In fact , she was shy and always had been .
tr	O	My teeth were stuck fast .
tr	O	He must have felt her , because he gave a frenzied growl .
tr	O	The last thing she expected to do after a day like this was celebrate .
tr	O	He had become security conscious like a jeweller in a den of thieves .
tr	O	Cooper tries to pull her back , but she gently removes his hand from her body and drops down beside me .
tr	O	The king was really looked like he was trying to kill !
te	O	Boson Ion was of short stature and wiry build .
tr	O	The red Ferrari arrived at a four-story renovated condo building in Studio City , and pulled into the underground parking garage .
tr	O	Decades later , during the Second Rising of the Force , the Boy Wizard rose up .
tr	O	Modesty and shyness wouldn 't help either of them now .
tr	O	But then she saw the tall man 's golden eyes and they were hungry .
tr	O	Not even a kiss on the lips .
va	O	So where does a heartbroken young man go ?
tr	O	She was sure her dad and Meg had already heard she was in the news with Jake .
tr	O	We were from Salzburg and had managed to save up quite a bit of money and provisions .
tr	O	I know he 's not doing it on purpose , but the entire time I 'm reading I 'm completely distracted by him .
tr	O	A pang of longing shot through Camille and wafted out in her voice .
tr	O	Or what he was imagining doing to her .
tr	O	I heard a knock on my door and I know it was him .
tr	O	I immediately called Irina .
tr	O	' She doesn 't miss much , ' agreed Finn .
te	O	I didn 't notice that Joseph had come up behind me , until I could feel his breath on my neck .
tr	O	The flight attendants would be coming by soon to take drink orders .
va	O	The bedroom door was halfway closed , light spilled down the hallway , and I debated whether to approach or stay in the living room .
tr	O	I tensed immediately and began to scratch and claw at his hands as they shook me by the neck , blocking my air supply .
tr	O	There would be no other woman for him .
tr	O	I felt a yearning in my loins as I stared at her naked body .
tr	O	As soon as it hit the ground some of the meat flew up on the cleanest part of the engine .
tr	O	The stranger 's cloak billowed and revealed her tight clothing that defined her slender body .
tr	O	Several of the goblins took a simultaneous five-foot step to surround Daphne .
te	O	She could tell he was reluctant to scare her ; she could also tell he fully believed it was connected .
tr	O	Before he could say anything , she 'd jerked Harris off his lap .
te	O	Russel slowly pushed to his feet as the rest of the flight gathered around their injured comrade .
tr	O	Today I got a tattoo put on my arm by the king .
tr	O	Kim being upset was so foreign to me that I almost couldn 't process it .
tr	O	I would never leave my son .
tr	O	And you know , I 've never done it before .
tr	O	I turned to Edward .
tr	O	She dumped her notebook on the desk and dialed him .
tr	O	It took a moment for her eyes to adjust , but Janice could see Mr. Tracey sitting in front of her .
tr	O	But even at their worst , they could never be as savage as that thing out there was .
tr	O	How could she win a man 's heart when she couldn 't even win her own freedom ?
tr	O	Karen 's soul rose from her body .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	O	Indy looked back to see what she was pointing at .
va	O	But would she ever find her way back into this or had she just lost any chance of recovering her life ?
tr	O	Especially if it helped her break through safes or into buildings .
va	O	A sliver of sunshine .
tr	O	It was light and almost balanced .
te	O	It was all over rather quickly and they left the house for the yard again .
tr	O	To allow a more permanent arrangement would be foolish .
tr	O	We been out here goin on five years .
va	O	I wondered if he was being cruel or if he was testing me to see if my loyalty would belong to him or to Sofia .
te	O	There was a painting of the lost sheep in the church .
te	O	But , Jenny 's parents are pretty discerning .
tr	O	Xander asked his friend , determined not to focus too much on his own woes .
tr	O	He was wearing a ski mask .
tr	O	Was it possible that Miriam and Simon had gotten on board the Night Watchman Express ?
tr	O	Together , Nicole and I head over to the pier .
tr	O	Focusing on it closer , it looked like it was tied around a leaf , which led me to believe it hadn 't been there long .
tr	O	The woman spoke again .
te	O	You run your mouth from the time class starts until it ends .
tr	O	Can you do it ?
tr	O	His final act to make himself the undisputed ruler of Morganville .
tr	O	Ruth Ellen asked him over and over again to look for Elaine , but it was like trying to find a needle in a haystack .
te	O	He wanted to believe her .
va	O	But only for others .
tr	O	He glances at my pants as he 's about to get out .
tr	O	She woke up in the morning and realized Jeff was already up .
va	O	This is the main objective : survive .
tr	O	I 'd spent two days in the palace trying to act as everything was ordinary .
tr	O	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	Or ... or ... I pushed a hand against his chest and got enough space to look into his face .
tr	O	She spent three afternoons a week picking up after professional men who were nothing less than slobs .
tr	O	She should have changed her home number , too , but that was more complicated , or so she told herself .
tr	O	He was dragged away on the rocky bottom .
tr	O	He 'd wanted Naomi in the hospital , a controlled environment .
tr	O	A jewel of cum seeped out of the tip .
te	O	A dagger glinted from his fist .
tr	O	Lost in memories , it took a while for her to realize that the Creole tune she heard came from inside the house , not her head .
va	O	Andy gave Katherine a big hug and shook Daniel 's hand .
tr	O	They were taking advantage of the break in the weather by heading to town for supplies .
tr	O	I have unknowingly crossed the line , something I know Arlo would never , ever , do .
tr	O	I don 't even think he can hear me all the way up there .
tr	O	So I could care less what they want .
tr	O	The pilot brought the vehicle back to hover mode and Adam displaced one of the techs at a terminal marked ' Firmware ' .
tr	O	He was getting ahead of himself .
te	O	And all the pieces began to fall into place .
tr	O	- My robots do not represent infinite protection , but such radical terrorist attempts are I unlikely in the extreme here on Aurora .
te	O	I found myself giving Waldo a little more credence .
tr	O	Gwen circled in front of them both , cutting off their view of the stands .
tr	O	He didn 't hate it and he didn 't hate himself for his lack of opportunity .
va	O	' Well , this unexpected surprise makes what I have to say next all the more special . '
va	O	Some people had very light resistance and agreed readily with every suggestion , no matter how subtle .
tr	O	At Will 's warning , I look to the prince , who raises his arms and then drops them dramatically .
tr	O	I encouraged him with a wave .
tr	O	Ken worked for you and was your friend .
tr	O	It was going to be icy .
tr	O	It took nearly half an hour for them to realize Riley had walked off .
tr	O	I know what I did was wrong .
tr	O	We followed a twisting , narrow path that finally opened up onto a bigger chamber .
tr	O	I looked out over this new , naked , fragile world , and took slow sips of tea , finishing his last sentence in my mind .
tr	O	He 's taller than I remember and I instantly tip my head up to meet his emerald eyes .
te	O	I 'll try , but it won 't be as funny .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to Godard 's right .
tr	O	If she ate at all ... It was almost easier not to eat .
tr	O	Folks say there 's creeks an ' streams crisscrossing that entire area all year round .
tr	O	After all , she 'd been only twenty-three the first time she saw Ford on stage in that club downtown , young and full of dreams .
tr	O	He was jerked towards the door .
tr	O	Jace had moved to the edge of the crater and was shooting at the soldiers .
tr	O	Where was the open , frank ' look ?
tr	O	at least it will put that flat to use at last .
tr	O	Though its existence and location were secretive and secluded , I ' d stumbled upon a cryptically wicked party scene .
va	O	Although Hanna rarely mentioned it , Mr. Marin had left for Annapolis and given Hanna 's mom custody of their daughter .
va	O	His own anger terrified him .
tr	O	He lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around him as I sat on his lap and he held me .
tr	O	Roman needed no further encouragement .
tr	O	The population of the place was overwhelmingly male .
tr	O	I was wil ing to bet Logan 's secret wasn 't nearly as horrible as that , but nothing I 'd said had convinced him otherwise .
tr	O	He had long , slender fingers that warmed her even if his grip was a little too intense .
tr	O	Neither of us were able to move .
te	O	At the time she 'd been shot and fleeing toward the only man she could trust .
tr	O	Sebastian 's gearing up ; he 's speeding up his plans , his bloodlust .
te	O	He 'd be damned if he was going to let it slip through his fingers .
tr	O	Every attempt to inhale sent sharp spears of pain across my chest and up my spine .
tr	O	I had a long , hot shower and had spent a long time preparing for this dinner with Merritt .
tr	O	Now I have the Lord of the Fairies fixed on me and I fear for our safety .
tr	O	I asked , clutching the front of Aiden 's shirt as if I planned to hold him there .
tr	O	She felt her cheeks heat up .
tr	O	You say that as if it was some big secret .
tr	O	If Steve is surprised , he doesn 't show it .
tr	O	I 'm even more bewildered than Helen !
tr	O	The girls were closer than sisters .
tr	O	The man looked back up the hill where his partner waited at the tent .
tr	O	If someone had looked in at the adults and children , they would have never guessed that they were a family .
te	O	A hunter with unlimited time to set up his quarry 's downfall .
tr	O	I had an opportunity .
tr	O	I slump to the floor as soon as I 'm inside the closet and cover my ears with my hands .
tr	O	His grip tightened on her ass as he rubbed himself against her .
tr	O	The divorce , the problems between Kip and Fritz .
tr	O	Gage pointed to a footprint in the dust .
tr	O	Get in the car and we 'll go together .
te	O	Hopefully she 'd calmed down and had thought it through .
tr	O	He puts his hands out toward me , palms up .
tr	O	I turn away and sit down on the edge of the mat so I can put my tennis shoes back on .
tr	O	She looked for the lie in Linda 's face but couldn 't find it .
va	O	The adult wolf sniffed me from head to toe , then barked at Rudi .
tr	O	I walked forward and reached for his hand .
tr	O	Gar eyes fastened on the chest of coins .
tr	O	The bus lights were dark .
tr	O	They 'd agreed to no sex , so he hadn 't even considered that it would be an issue .
tr	O	I gripped the cord and pulled down .
tr	O	Prologue Slayton Homestead , Southern Central Virginia .
tr	O	she murmured aloud to herself .
tr	O	I pull it to mine , stealing the last drops of chocolate from his knuckle with my tongue .
te	O	I 'd call him Roses .
tr	O	Like his blue eyes .
tr	O	Sean shook his head , his expression remote .
tr	O	It was on its way home and in a hurry to get there .
tr	O	I might not care who knew Daphne 's dirty little secret , but I was willing to bet that she would before we were through .
tr	O	No one gained access through any door without an eye and fingerprint scan , and guards were everywhere .
tr	O	His voice shook the windows and the humans , but he didn 't care .
va	O	It looked like he 'd tried to grease back his bushy mass of black hair for the ceremony .
tr	O	They 'd done that , but when Kate was ready to get out , Mitchell said he was going to swim a little longer for some exercise .
tr	O	Shadows fell toward the floor and his eyes scanned the lines of the wood .
va	O	This is just a nightmare .
tr	O	And she was sitting Jax 's kitchen , where she should have felt the safest .
va	O	The god was shown with one hand raised high , clutching a thunderbolt as though about to cast .
va	O	They were so thin and - Her thoughts stopped as she caught sight of him on her bed .
te	O	Bones hidden in the backyard ?
te	O	They seemed to be interested in the same things and to see them in the same way .
tr	O	My hair was drenched , still dripping and smelled like fish .
tr	O	Fenrir deigned to rise .
va	O	She walked over to the couch and sat down , before her knees gave out .
te	O	The pack was running around wild throughout the night .
tr	O	Now I knew why I was still single !
tr	O	It was a call to interrogate , to apply thought and learning and reason to all endeavours .
tr	O	It 's not like a made-up version of King could tell me anything .
tr	O	Just then the whale breached right beside the ship .
va	O	Holding out this long was making my hands twitch .
tr	O	When he lived is unknown .
tr	O	The rage that threatened to overwhelm me had abated .
tr	O	Only one weekend , I told myself .
tr	O	Doing as he was told , Dan stood tall and straight .
tr	O	So long as you are connected by the stone to any of our kind , your power is gone .
tr	O	Dad held the door open for me .
tr	O	She accepted the card and was about to tell the real estate agent that , but before she could say a word , Melody continued .
tr	O	Madison would roll her eyes and Caleb would grin because he knew perfectly well that she was squirming in her seat .
va	O	The man leaves the conversation fully confident in his love for her and her love for him .
va	O	' Bushfire 'd be white .
tr	O	David Andrews had always had a fondness for Harriet .
tr	O	' It 's a short section of genetic material created during DNA replication , ' she added at my puzzled expression .
tr	O	Rory had thought Cain said that his daughter wasn 't his by birth , but the feeling she had now was unmistakable .
va	O	Gregor thought about the roaches in their kitchen at home .
te	O	Then there was a roar , and a flash of brilliant light .
tr	O	The Jaguar screeched to a halt when I hit the brakes as hard as I could .
tr	O	There was unease that Frank had not been in audio contact as regularly as anticipated .
tr	O	Turning , she ticked off a finger and walked toward him as she spoke .
tr	O	Except they hadn 't been pink .
tr	O	Perhaps that is an indication of true suffering - to not know what a day is .
tr	O	Ainsley pressed her lips together .
va	O	You or anyone else , could never treat me like that again .
va	O	That 's when I told Cassie to find you , pull you off the case , and have you in my office the next morning .
tr	O	Everthing was as you would expect was going to plan .
tr	O	Max pressed the button for her floor .
te	O	Keep me advised on that .
tr	O	The paramedics at the game rushed into the stands to help .
tr	O	Just as I was about to go to him , he flopped down on the bed .
tr	O	These friendships of convenience were short lived because the girls found my personality ' disconcerting ' .
tr	O	They murmured their good-byes , and Aric left the study .
tr	O	He had nothing to say to her .
tr	O	A predatory one who seemed to like to destroy them .
tr	O	He rubbed his knee and looked at her .
tr	O	I help Junie step up onto the boulder where we are going to make camp .
tr	O	Two of my scars were visible , thin and white , because of the square neckline of the suit .
tr	O	Their ears were still pinned back , but they no longer looked as if they wanted to eat me .
va	O	She picked a stool at the end nearest the stairs , and perched .
tr	O	It was a delicate balance .
va	O	In his other was a large cup filled with black coffee .
te	O	He wanted her looking into his eyes when she took him deep into her mouth .
tr	O	His forehead furrowed and he thumbed the crinkles between his eyebrows as if battling a headache .
tr	O	I sat up straight and drew forth all the patience in my soul .
tr	O	Then another and another until only Ramsey and two others were left .
tr	O	The falls are not very large , only about 50 yards from the top , but they surely are pretty .
tr	O	I resolved that this should not come to pass .
tr	O	The bard began to lumber over to their aid , drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so .
va	O	She tried to remember .
tr	O	He examined his heavy pocket watch .
tr	O	Hades eyed me from his periphery .
tr	O	I missed the animals though they were trouble in the winter .
tr	O	She stepped on board and hit the button for their floor , then glanced to Tiny as he followed Stephanie on board .
tr	O	I wanted to taste him more .
va	O	She recognized the truth of something he had said .
tr	O	I went looking for you because , until six months ago , I didn 't even know he existed .
tr	O	It scared her that she had no memory of how she had gotten there .
te	O	Irene 's eyes flicked toward Grace .
tr	O	Some would grab onto a story like this and hold tight .
tr	O	Finally one of the Tradition Keepers raised his hand .
te	O	The wall was perforated at last and the cells drew apart , like the lips of a gaping wound .
tr	O	Bride took his hand into hers and held it tight .
va	O	He took them anywhere they dictated and did all the translating .
tr	O	So the question begged to be answered : if they found the Choate , could they resist the temptation to use it for themselves ?
tr	O	He 'd changed out of the torn , bloody clothes and had taken a shower , from the damp look to his hair .
tr	O	' Looks like Karl is angling for a shipboard romance .
tr	O	He finally sliced his strawberry waffles and took a bite as well .
tr	O	He let gravity take him down .
tr	O	He just stood there being awkwardly compressed by strangers for several seconds .
tr	O	She 's found a fairly sharp rock , just like I told her to .
tr	O	I think you 're fantastic and that 's something else I forgot to say before .
tr	O	' ' Well , it helps me escape from this world temporarily .
va	O	' So , who came to the wake ? '
te	O	We were trying the simple approach .
tr	O	Or had it some power to know , as it were , when to speak and when to be silent ?
tr	O	Give yourself a wee bit of a break .
tr	O	The most colourful ones would jump right onto your shoulder or hand producing sounds like the peals of tiny bells with each step .
tr	O	They were going to deliver Clarity inside the box .
va	O	The wind felt colder , washing over me .
tr	O	Everyone turned , alerted by his tone .
tr	O	It was followed by others whizzing like bees around him .
tr	O	The same hazel eyes .
tr	O	I could feel his heart beating beneath me and I snuggled into him tighter , loving the feel of his warm body next to mine .
tr	O	The Sphinx fell upon the enemy soldiers , fire in their hearts fuelled by my wrath , greatly raising their morale and ability .
tr	O	He wanted me to come too but I was looking forward to those two weeks alone with Marcus .
tr	O	Since they 'd taken the back way in , she hadn 't recognized the place until now .
tr	O	' The district hospital can provide for any urgent needs . '
tr	O	Cal pulled on the underwear tinder the cover of the blanket , then threw it off to finish dressing as fast as he could .
tr	O	He nodded and went on his way without even waiting for a reply .
tr	O	Over the ensuing three days I tailed him , keeping a respectful distance at all times .
tr	O	After another ten minutes , they reached the edge of the air base .
tr	O	He knows why he should let me .
tr	O	I finish powdering my face and open the door .
tr	O	You don 't need to command me to stay .
tr	O	And riding on his shoulders was his son , the youngest of the bunch , a child who looked to be about five .
tr	O	He maneuvered her through the masses , twisting and rolling and finally reaching a clear patch of air .
tr	O	If you walked up to them with your Coalition pulse rifle , they would swarm .
tr	O	She pushed at the buttons on the remote nervously , flipping channel after channel .
tr	O	The case had gone nowhere for a year .
te	O	He had pleasant wide brown eyes and the beginnings of a goatee .
tr	O	Most werewolves did not do smiling very adeptly ; it came off as sinister .
va	O	How he had said I was beautiful .
tr	O	What kind of weapons do you have ?
tr	O	That was exactly how she was feeling at that moment .
tr	O	Emma stepped in front of the blatant hussy and interrupted her view of Jason .
tr	O	' And that doesn 't strike you as being a little odd ? ' '
tr	O	A girl Emily didn 't have any intention of dropping anytime soon .
tr	O	Sure , I lived in fear of what I would blow up or burn down next , but even that seemed so much simpler than now .
tr	O	Soft footfalls whispered in the hallway .
tr	O	It was hard to see in the twilight , and with the mist rising off the water around us after the rain .
tr	O	He pronounced the room clean with a little yap and jumped into the armchair by the window .
tr	O	It was rags , and they both knew it .
tr	O	A rock slope faded upward to their right , and the view below to the waterfall and farmhouse on their left .
tr	O	Susan screamed , and tried for the door .
va	O	In the dim light of the museum it caught the spotlights on the exhibits , twinkling as if with its own light .
tr	O	Cindy , she understood , probably didn 't mind walking around town looking like a porcelain doll .
tr	O	He kicked his leg over , kneeling beside me .
tr	O	She might not have made it across the room without it .
tr	O	I didn 't want to face the onslaught of emotion waiting for me at every glance around each room .
tr	O	Sarah looked down at her hands .
tr	O	Prudence nodded politely , as did Alexia and Ivy .
va	O	It 's the silver coins that are shiny like the moon . '
tr	O	The unknown predator took the bait .
tr	O	And I could barely see if she said the same to me .
tr	O	Noelle joined them and asked Tommy if he wanted to go bike riding with her .
te	O	It seemed just as artificial as the rest of him .
tr	O	Don 't you dare get killed .
tr	O	He was already becoming so dear to her .
tr	O	' It will be a problem for me if I arrive without you , ' he drawled pointedly .
tr	O	He opened the door and entered the hall .
tr	O	They stared at each other while cool air washed over them .
va	O	He 'll kill me .
tr	O	On the front porch , the furniture was pristine yet inviting .
tr	O	Racing down the hall toward the small anteroom , I was breathing hard and thinking clearly .
tr	O	I 'm sure more interest will be elicited from Earth once we get busier .
tr	O	Kelly took a long , desperately needed sip of her drink .
tr	O	I felt compelled and pushed all at once ; it was a potent male force that could never be bottled or captured on film , only experienced .
tr	O	But instead of this being a relief , it only adds to my annoyance .
tr	O	It was like Juliet was totally hawt for Romeo .
tr	O	If anything slowed him down , he could die out in the open .
tr	O	I hooked my finger under her chin , so she couldn 't look away from me .
tr	O	But such raw emotion from total strangers moves even her strong personality .
tr	O	Haworth looked at him helplessly .
tr	O	I lean toward her .
tr	O	I don 't know why they kept me , and I don 't know why they let me go .
tr	O	But thanks to them , he knew Isabelle most probably was carrying their child .
tr	O	After a slow start , she 'd done well with the shawl .
tr	O	Which frankly made me decide I like Dad better when he never comes out of the lab .
tr	O	Police sirens sounded in the distance ; no doubt someone had called in this fire .
tr	O	Of course she meant more than that .
tr	O	Darkseid snickered as the two made their way across the burnt and blackened forest floor .
te	O	They 're always poking and prodding , trying to get me to wake up .
tr	O	He has a dark power about him .
tr	O	Running outside , Jason checked around the house .
va	O	Why did she feel this way , so worried and strung out ?
tr	O	I fight to keep my hands to myself .
tr	O	I swore to myself .
tr	O	Darius stepped back and quickly reviewed the details he had received but an hour ago .
tr	O	And that 's when Eight teleports onto the roof .
va	O	Couldn 't take care of his wife ; there was a phrase which could mean more than one thing .
te	O	Her plush lips slid up and down his length , stroking him , coaxing cum into her working mouth .
tr	O	Francesca curled her fingers around his wrist , brushed her body close to his to offer comfort .
tr	O	It concerns me that I have to remind you of this .
tr	O	Below is a disgusting swampland , the pools of water slowly churning as the whirlpool drains through some small cracks at the lake 's bed .
te	O	Celestino shook his head , as if to clear the foreign smell from his nostrils .
tr	O	So they weren 't thinking of having a menage with her ?
tr	O	I gulped as I imagined running my fingers through his soft black hair .
tr	O	I concentrated on turning back to myself .
tr	O	I can 't protect you from falling asleep while driving home tomorrow .
tr	O	I know you don 't like to talk about her , but she 's crazier than usual .
tr	O	The gunslinger walked out to the boys crouched around the marble ring .
tr	O	The sweat on his face and his rapid breathing didn 't convince her .
va	O	Titus stared at her a moment , blue eyes flashing as he dove deep into her thoughts .
tr	O	She stood off to one side , her expression soft as she smiled .
va	O	Whole suburbs and housing districts disintegrated .
tr	O	She looked into my eyes and I could see more than vulnerability there .
tr	O	It didn 't require a lot of strength , exactly , but it did require some complex calculations .
tr	O	Black hatred added to the crushing hunger emanating from the group .
tr	O	She squeezed her sister 's hand and thought about the way Andrew made her feel the day before .
tr	O	It will take some time for you to return from Jamaica .
tr	O	He slipped on his sunglasses and started the engine .
tr	O	Hypnosis still seemed to mean giving up control .
tr	O	I swallowed as those thoughts faded .
tr	O	He sucked in all his breath when she licked from the base of his c * ck to the very tip .
tr	O	Everything about this suit accentuated his most favorable features .
tr	O	Wait a week , man .
tr	O	The file cabinet was empty except for her jacket .
tr	O	Her fingers clutched a pair of sweatpants .
tr	O	' I 'm not sure .
tr	O	One after the other they practically exploded , their doors blown right off the hinges .
va	O	I was watching the Giants game on TV , not really paying attention .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was with them and running into walls , but that was number two .
tr	O	Joe 's back teeth ground together .
tr	O	I have a few good memories of my mom , but I wish I could remember my dad .
tr	O	Death brushed a speck of ash off his robe , and then planted his feet squarely on the mountaintop .
tr	O	She handed Harris a small wrapped gift .
te	O	Belen led the crowd out of the office behind Edan as he stalked through the busy kitchen , snatching up a heavy steel ladle as he walked .
tr	O	We were hoping you would come , Onyx said , leading me to the bar .
tr	O	You 're no longer one of us .
va	O	The man pulled off his worn cap .
tr	O	The other 's weapon consisted of four cylinders , each connecting to a nozzle like barrel .
te	O	It seemed important that I knew where my boyfriend was in front of this crowd .
tr	O	I have not had time to tell him yet of mine , he 'll be shocked especially after I pleaded with him to help me return home .
tr	O	I knew that something in my life had irrevocably changed .
tr	O	It was one my dad had given me after one of his tours about five years ago .
tr	O	She hadn 't left after all .
tr	O	The morning temperature was tolerable , and Gretchen wondered if she was already acclimating to the harsh desert summer .
tr	O	Sammy and I had always gotten along , but truly , as much as I enjoyed being with her right now , I wanted to see everyone .
tr	O	One who worked nine to five in a respectable job , who could provide him with the intelligent conversation he sought .
tr	O	He pushed the toe of his shoe into a dirty crack in the sidewalk .
tr	O	Over yellow vanilla cake .
tr	O	You call yourself a pastor !
tr	O	The bible doesn 't explicitly state what happens to them .
tr	O	I don 't even have enough motor control to twitch , let alone struggle .
tr	O	She hoped she wasn 't lying .
tr	O	The device was unfamiliar to us .
tr	O	Her father lowered the newspaper that he 'd been reading and peered at her over the rim of his spectacles .
tr	O	Though I 'd set a fire before dinner , it has died and the room is cold .
tr	O	He didn 't realize that it had already been done .
tr	O	This is most peculiar , never have I seen a fully white spirit .
va	O	This man , too , collapsed in a spasm of choking gasps .
tr	O	If they were gone , they must be dead .
tr	O	She wiped the fog off the mirror when she was done and breathed out a long breath of relief .
tr	O	The water bottle he is ingesting intravenously glistens against the rising and powerful sun .
te	O	The connection to her old pack would be severed , and the pack would feel Dawn as his woman , part of his pack .
va	O	Randy went into seclusion , and then threw himself into his work .
va	O	At least that 's what he 'd like to think she was counting on .
tr	O	I looked up and again was lost in those beautiful eyes .
tr	O	The talking heads continued to theorize about economic conditions .
tr	O	Danny must have resorted to scare tactics .
tr	O	Jamie hadn 't expected the move , and he tried to pull back .
tr	O	Instead of the constant crimson sunlight from the bloated red sun in the first Dark Dimension , they were walking in a constant dusk .
va	O	They looked at the grave again , both reluctant to take the first chunk of sod from the grave .
tr	O	That had been an act of possession and claiming , like a dog pissing on a hydrant .
tr	O	Her voice was throaty and bold .
tr	O	Little blue eyes widened .
tr	O	It was a half-assed effort , but I had tried .
te	O	She knew Paul loved her .
tr	O	I didn 't know if it came from the near fright or the closeness of the very hot boy .
tr	O	A giddy , powerful sensation .
tr	O	The things you 'd clutch to your chest in the last seconds of your life .
tr	O	I shuddered at the thought of that cruel day when I had watched my family suffer on the news .
te	O	She pulled down his boxers and smiled like a Cheshire cat .
tr	O	And it was certainly not to Rodrigo .
tr	O	She needed love , attention .
tr	O	She is out for blood ; her ... our rage will serve us well .
tr	O	I knew I was in trouble when she decided that flying seven hundred feet over the Atlantic would be the best medicine .
tr	O	I don 't want to feel like this anymore .
tr	O	Anthony doesn 't seem like a stalker .
tr	O	The second gets us to June of 1993 .
tr	O	He whistles happily as we walk to the middle of the field , where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death .
tr	O	The words ripped through me like a white hot knife .
tr	O	When I turned twenty I decided I wanted to take this seriously and began researching and writing different ideas .
tr	O	She drained the last few drops and handed Annie the glass .
va	O	Opening them slowly , she peered down into them as if she really had something there , and giggled secretly .
tr	O	But she had to admit Max brought a part of her back to life that had been dying .
tr	O	Allie didn 't really want to face that question .
te	O	I asked him to follow us to Vivienne 's penthouse since I wanted my twins close to me .
tr	O	He rushed to the top of the fallen tree trunk and cast his cloak back .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	Not because the contract payment was four times his own salary -- well , not only because of that .
tr	O	It was a hard lesson that I 'd thought I 'd learned years ago .
tr	O	She nodded , her breath catching .
tr	O	It was a wonderful back , with broad shoulders , and I had planned on seeing it bare with my nails dug into it .
tr	O	Mike shook his head in disbelief .
te	O	Gabe had never felt anything so urgent in his life .
tr	O	He says it like he doesn 't care .
tr	O	They 're not here .
te	O	He said as he ended the phone call .
tr	O	I heard myself gasp , and I came to a stop .
tr	O	And those mountains were very much more than twenty miles away -- the train wouldn 't even reach the foothills for another hour .
tr	O	This was due to the room itself being another two sizes larger and taller than the corridor .
tr	O	The first shock was the change in Hal 's appearance .
tr	O	Ruby couldn 't swallow .
tr	O	Now you 're just another province , part of the kingdom of your conquerors .
tr	O	Nicholas had tried twice to reach him , to no avail .
tr	O	I teetered between silence and confession , knowing I would be spurned , still wanting to try .
tr	O	And I 'll take an Amaretto and pineapple .
tr	O	He used to love his Aunt Mabry , but something changed her over recent years and he couldn 't connect with her anymore .
tr	O	Most in fact are no longer with us at all .
tr	O	His muscles were knotted .
tr	O	Why exactly was she riding along in the dark ?
tr	O	Each bolt that hit the shield threatened to send him to his knees , but his feet somehow found the ground and pushed him on .
tr	O	I stared at him like he was crazy .
tr	O	He 'd see straight through me anyway .
tr	O	The scent of coffee wafted on the wind .
tr	O	He was home and she was happy .
tr	O	You deserve someone who can actually do the things he promised you .
tr	O	It rises two feet off the ground .
tr	O	It had a faint alarm sound going on .
tr	O	' Nope , ' Oliver laughed , ' but I do need to impress your girlfriend with my eloquence . '
va	O	He often collected washed up bottles on the seashore and examined them for messages .
te	O	Amy had no idea for how long .
tr	O	Elliot fusses with her drink for a couple of agonizingly long minutes as I wait .
tr	O	I knew ... and that was all that mattered .
tr	O	He pulled her into his arms , right there in the open doorway where all the neighbors could see .
tr	O	Unless she kept her silence .
tr	O	Julia 's suitcases tumbled onto the circular belt , followed by his own bag .
va	O	He was flying as high as the car would go .
va	O	She grabbed me around the waist and ran out of the house again , with me under her arm like a rolled-up carpet .
tr	O	She nods , sitting back in her chair , rocking slowly .
tr	O	I don 't know where they went . '
tr	O	He started to walk away .
tr	O	Ryland is expecting more Resistance to arrive .
te	O	she asked after she forced herself to stop gaping .
tr	O	Liz 's head jerked up at the first bell .
va	O	' Can 't stop , can 't stop , ' Jacob shouted back breathlessly .
tr	O	Titian opened and closed her mouth without making a sound .
tr	O	Thom pulled on the reins .
va	O	Shimmer , whose coat shone like gold from her grooming , rose to the sky and proceeded to play and dance with the tiny dragon .
tr	O	Corrie needed to sit down again .
tr	O	The tall greenery and clingy flowers were dying out in preparation for winter .
tr	O	The Elder had now released his control of my body to allow me to show a mother 's grief .
va	O	There was no point .
tr	O	We can control her .
tr	O	I look in the mirror to examine the finished product .
tr	O	The Messenger shook his head and knelt beside his senseless apprentice , who was radiant as the sun .
tr	O	His plain face morphed as he pushed away from the chair .
tr	O	It is only from the heights of pride that a man can be made low .
tr	O	We all stare at her like she 's lost her mind .
tr	O	she angrily asked in Japanese .
te	O	Even when Matt was unemployed for months she kept it hidden from me .
tr	O	It should have crushed him , but he wanted to laugh .
te	O	Nick wouldn 't know how to begin to fit into hers .
tr	O	He needed to get down there , a lengthy trip of 29 levels downward , and do it quickly .
tr	O	Suddenly the road took a sharp turn , and a huge oak tree loomed in my headlights .
tr	O	Not only did I have to survive , I had to get my brother back .
tr	O	I should have known that there would be an obstacle .
tr	O	She looked the way a plastic bag from the grocery store looked when it only held one can of soup .
tr	O	I knew I must appear as the warriors , slightly transparent and glowing .
tr	O	Our sending bank should have alerted us if it had already received notification of clearing instruction , especially as we have now tried to block it .
tr	O	I don 't know what they are talking about .
tr	O	Elder hobbles to the center of the room , then turns around , letting me inspect him .
va	O	A mysterious smile lifted the corners of Ryan 's mouth when he recalled asking Kelly how old she was .
tr	O	Dryden 's phone buzzed and his computer screen flashed red .
va	O	I heard the latch click into place in the stunned silence that followed .
tr	O	Sixty seconds to save the day .
va	O	She stepped closer to him .
va	O	For those of you who don 't know me , my name is Mark .
tr	O	The kids didn 't have to pay a cent but they had to keep a weekly grade average of a B or higher .
tr	O	She 'd caused this uproar , after all .
tr	O	You 've seen me change the color of my wings just as quickly .
tr	O	Jeff waited a few minutes before departing the hold and then he too slipped into his bunk .
tr	O	The one and only time he had a hangover in college , he swore to never drink to excess again .
te	O	The hotel had a beautiful garden patio with an almost surround view of the ocean .
tr	O	I slip in the front door , take my jacket and shoes off , walk softly into the bedroom .
tr	O	The rusty metal was heavy , awkward , and resisted their efforts .
tr	O	She stood eye to eye with him .
va	O	Everyone erupted as gossip spread amongst the students .
tr	O	Myles seemed too agitated to concentrate on anything properly .
tr	O	Great , now there were two of them in the world , and both in my life indefinitely .
tr	O	It sounded as if a lot of people had .
tr	O	The whisper of his breath brushed her throat , and for a split second , she forgot what she was arguing about .
tr	O	This chandelier was damned near spectacular .
tr	O	But a few moments later , the older envoy finally appeared over the side , dripping water from the sodden lower half of his robes .
tr	O	Chapter Thirteen Emily Town looked exactly the way it had when I left the month before .
va	O	I nodded , trying not to look flustered at the recognition .
te	O	Abby wasn 't quite sure what to say .
tr	O	All Abby could hear was the puff of breath from her lungs and the occasional whimper that escaped her lips .
tr	O	He ripped off a piece of cloth to bind the wound .
tr	O	The pain returned at the same intensity , but it lasted much longer this time .
tr	O	We 'd been shopping in Austin when she pulled me aside .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and pictured how he looked when I 'd snuck out this morning .
tr	O	The only problem is I got in a fight with some strange man earlier and he seems to have messed up my crystal .
tr	O	The thought of Bigfoot running after him through the forest would haunt his dreams for years to come .
tr	O	Despite the fact that I despise him , Cameron is a very talented poet himself and he 's kind of complimenting me .
tr	O	Reggie felt relief that someone would establish some sanity to the discussion .
tr	O	I learned this from my teasing half-brothers .
tr	O	Jacqueline leaned toward me .
tr	O	The class goes silent ; no one can find the answer .
tr	O	They used the hearth for most of their heat , to conserve fuel .
va	O	There was a screech of rage from the direction of the machine .
tr	O	I had to be pregnant .
tr	O	He should be cooling down by now .
tr	O	Ned was right ; she couldn 't let the Taliban win by remaining caught in their web of fear .
tr	O	We watched Bear and Pixie play a mean game of chess .
tr	O	I asked looking up at him .
tr	O	The news grabbed the elder 's attention .
va	O	Nicolas scowled at them .
te	O	Convinced I have had some kind of dream , I slowly get up and open my weary eyes .
va	O	Unfortunately for him , he also decided to betray me .
tr	O	These discoveries have long been hinted at as many Indian tribes make references to white people that came in boats and had priests .
tr	O	I had no idea where they came from , or why they were just then joining us .
tr	O	Outside the establishment were two very unusual horses .
tr	O	I 've been stupid , no doubt .
tr	O	I stand there quaking for probably a full minute before finally turning the handle and opening the door .
tr	O	His head dropped down low , and he planted a soft kiss on her lips , before resting his forehead against hers .
va	O	It was their signal .
tr	O	Jude cursed behind me , and a glance over my shoulder revealed he was peeling his clothes off as quickly as clothes could be peeled .
va	O	Or had they abandoned her ?
tr	O	After throwing my feet a sufficient pity party , I started to strip off the wet clothes .
va	O	So I walked right up to her , tried to speak quietly , pull her away from her friend so we 'd have some privacy .
tr	O	Not for a day .
tr	O	His eyes were shut , and his cheeks flushed .
tr	O	His spirit shrank until he felt small and vulnerable beyond even his scope of imagination .
tr	O	Wind still had his head bowed .
tr	O	He 's become a cult icon of the unsolved mystery .
tr	O	It will probably save us a little on insurance .
tr	O	This was Evie Shaw , no doubt about it .
tr	O	' Then perhaps you can come up here and show the rest of us what you 're working on . '
tr	O	Of course we do .
tr	O	Once the floor was in place we were completely in the dark and I was nearly paralyzed by fear of the unknown .
tr	O	He improved his Associates Degree by getting Master 's Degrees in Mechanical & Transportation Engineering .
tr	O	Then one day , she 'll probably blame me .
tr	O	And then he left .
tr	O	I carefully opened his mouth and poured it down his throat .
tr	O	Fisting her hands on her hips , she glared at Sasha .
tr	O	I 'd never been around such opulence before .
tr	O	Traded some guns , food & music , guess it did come in handy .
tr	O	came the question that was almost spoken in unison .
tr	O	Grayson watched the wolf move out of sight and his shoulders slumped in defeat .
tr	O	Why did she care if I was impressive or not ?
tr	O	Patrick stroked a thumb over the pulse in her wrist .
tr	O	I 'd like to get to know you better ?
tr	O	The zombie slammed into the vehicle 's door , driving Melody back against the door frame .
tr	O	Hiro looked at the key and saw how it was dark metal with thin parts wrapped around it .
tr	O	The vampire knew her exact location .
tr	O	he mutters to himself as he slows his horse and reigns it back in her direction .
tr	O	As if they weren 't your family too .
tr	O	Purgatory would be more accurate .
tr	O	She then counted in the song and proceeded to sing .
tr	O	Blank faces stared back at her .
tr	O	Martin ; I guess that will have to be tomorrow afternoon .
tr	O	She lovingly ran her hands over the sheets , erasing any creases or wrinkles .
tr	O	It would be a long journey to the Black Kingdom .
tr	O	' Thank you Jenny . '
tr	O	Tristan voiced the moment he was out of the car .
va	O	The two stood awestruck for several breaths completely unaware of the traffic jam they were causing .
va	O	It was this , finally , that took the group 's eyes off me - because they all exchanged astonished looks .
tr	O	The only thing that makes him halfway human .
tr	O	He could smell her arousal , feel the need for satisfaction tearing through her as it was tearing through him .
te	O	That once the Lesser Key was moved , the whole thing would collapse , trapping the Key and whoever took it .
tr	O	I had to remind myself to breathe .
tr	O	Hugh cursed and nailed the gas .
te	O	It wouldn 't be near as good without time to marinade .
tr	O	We all took things to keep , and the rest went into a large box that now sits in Mum and Dad 's cupboard .
tr	O	Hour after hour dragged by ... I 've gotten turned around somehow .
tr	O	A few people walked along the mud roads calling out greetings to others .
tr	O	He could hardly charge top fares for the service he was providing now .
va	O	I let it , because it had given me an idea .
te	O	Tears that had been lying in wait since she 'd found Mrs. Basso that morning .
va	O	She barely made it to her knees when her stomach rebelled , heaving over and over .
tr	O	She brought out a possessive side of him he hadn 't known he had .
tr	O	The harder I try to force his memory , the more my mind floods with images of the man who stands before me .
tr	O	' It over then , ' said Prince Isil in his broken dialect .
tr	O	Sean shifts me in his lap so we line up perfectly , and then pushes inside of me .
tr	O	After all you are standing in the sun .
tr	O	He 'd hinted at what he wanted to do with her , and she 'd not demurred .
va	O	Far more severe than the last as Epona is struggling to keep up the pace .
tr	O	But I for one cannot and will not allow myself to be possessed by anyone .
tr	O	Ibrahim stopped dead in his tracks , holding the receiver in his hand .
tr	O	Dagmar ran right into his arms .
tr	O	His kisses were not just full of hunger and desire but also love and understanding and forgiveness .
tr	O	Her eyes settled on someone , and she scowled .
tr	O	His recent visits had confirmed that .
tr	O	In fact she would have to be pretty much paralysed with terror and that did not seem a safe way for her to be .
tr	O	Intellectually , I understand the need for him to disconnect from his emotions .
va	O	And I 'll get over being angry .
tr	O	You need help that I can 't give .
tr	O	He immediately started laughing and held his arms out to her .
tr	O	That was the closest thing to a compliment that she 'd ever heard Hal give himself .
tr	O	Only when she reached the main street , with its lights and bustle of people , did she dare glance back .
tr	O	She was a small girl , pale and delicate , made more so by the lighting , or lack thereof .
tr	O	It seemed silly , but I let it go .
tr	O	I am not sure you need to do it all .
tr	O	Cody looked at her feeling she wasn 't understanding his hidden intention .
tr	O	An act which was unforgivable .
tr	O	She would have given anything for a phone call , an email , or God , a surprise appearance on her doorstep .
tr	O	Echo is downright giddy with excitement .
tr	O	He lit it with a wooden match from a bright red railway box , shook it out , and tossed the match stub into Farnham 's ashtray .
tr	O	She had struggled up into a sitting position , those ghastly yellow eyes still on him , scouring him with their disgust .
tr	O	Maybe because it didn 't seem real when we were standing there holding toilet paper in the dark .
tr	O	Roger grabbed another fork from Bloom 's truck and joined him .
tr	O	All to capture the object of her desire .
tr	O	I can 't think about this now .
tr	O	There was a silence .
tr	O	The natural sculptor that had honed this sight was far beyond any human effort at creating beauty .
tr	O	Rolls of fat cascaded from her face , giving the appearance of a gigantic candle that had melted .
tr	O	Her eyes flew open and her lips parted .
tr	O	I ... It 's difficult . '
tr	O	she screamed frantically , kneeling next to his body .
tr	O	Hanna didn 't miss Sean in the slightest , but it did hurt that he 'd chosen to date the girl she hated most .
va	O	She just hoped he could reach it unseen .
te	O	I kissed the mobile handset thousand of times .
tr	O	Fellows had obviously already planned his escape .
tr	O	He probably would do it right next time .
va	O	The best I could hope for was that the others would leave before Cronus had a chance to strike .
tr	O	I got married and the life didn 't really agree with having a family , so I went to night college and then Officer Candidate School .
va	O	He nods , sweeping a lock of my hair out of my face .
te	O	The divorce was hard on all of us .
tr	O	Well , then , he 'd have to somehow grow the fiery claws of her father 's people .
tr	O	Some numbers are pre-programmed .
tr	O	Aquarius could not make out the stranger 's face in the dark , just the yellow shine of the moon off the pistol barrel .
tr	O	She could do one based on the game of Clue .
tr	O	The twins were red-faced with anger , and their clothes were dirty , as if they 'd been rolling in the dirt . '
tr	O	When Marlon stepped upon the concrete pad the set of doors opened up before them .
tr	O	' It 's good to see you again . '
tr	O	I think it 's because I 'm not really used to people touching me and because his pats seem to be an attempt to convey compassion .
tr	O	My mom didn 't judge but she wouldn 't be above committing me .
tr	O	I don 't think they were accidents .
tr	O	She felt uncomfortable in the dress that Mona had helped her choose , because she could not remember ever seeing it before .
tr	O	I was glad she was there .
tr	O	She didn 't look at him to see if he 'd caught her slip , but she cringed because Drake never missed anything .
tr	O	Sharing a kiss with Colin in a deserted aisle of a bookstore could do that to her .
tr	O	He is to come with us for further questioning .
tr	O	He wanted to explain that he thought she was wonderful , but not because of her golden hair , not because of the sparkly eye makeup .
tr	O	Why would Presley lie about the night Anita had died after telling her the truth about the private investigator ?
tr	O	Kelly ran out the back door , excited to be going outside .
tr	O	Placing his warm palm on the center of her back , he rubbed slow circles , working to calm her .
tr	O	Sean King was all male and seeing raw appreciation in his gaze had started a slow burn inside her that was still smoldering .
tr	O	When had I turned into such a hormonal maniac ?
tr	O	He takes a deep intake and releases it .
tr	O	It was only when Ken and Chris analyzed the underlying statistics that warning flags went off .
tr	O	Charlotte immediately went to where Cammie stood just behind Donovan .
tr	O	As you know , we cannot afford to allow any of our order to lay hands on it .
tr	O	Bimbo looked down , and a moment later , surprise came into her eyes .
tr	O	Perhaps Conrad had mouthed it to him .
tr	O	Chapter 9 -- Reading and hiding I spent the afternoon reading the three remaining diaries .
tr	O	I have trouble visualizing that .
va	O	With an elbow on either side of my plate , I wrapped my hands around the huge burger and leaned in to take a bite .
tr	O	Then her eyes fluttered to his .
tr	O	John started swinging his fists at her stepdad , missed , but knocked Holiday over in the process .
va	O	The U.S. public deserves to hear the truth , argues Mr. Fortune .
tr	O	I don 't care if he knows .
te	O	James looked at me expectantly .
tr	O	She beckoned all of us to follow her outside as we neared the outer portions of giant city .
tr	O	Not everyone is comfortable with that .
tr	O	I will speak loudly to those who still listen .
tr	O	You will practice fighting with magic after you master the basics of combat .
tr	O	Yet there is an inherent instinct for survival and the tendency to band together as one when necessary .
tr	O	As expected our lightning cannon destroyed the policeman 's cruiser .
va	O	I turned away and the dam broke .
tr	O	I know he 's referring to the tattoos .
tr	O	A wagon wheel squeaked .
va	O	My daughter and I were perfectly at ease , barely noticing the snow .
tr	O	We fell in love at first sight and within a week decided to get married .
tr	O	This time he ignored the men when they fell into step behind him .
va	O	But then , he 'd never really wanted any of them , not like he wanted her .
tr	O	And as they left the house , she realised she was shaking and wished she 'd brought some flowers with her to lay on William 's grave .
tr	O	She gives me a small squeeze .
tr	O	Each breath either of them released hung in a white cloud .
tr	O	He nodded toward the turntables , closing the door quickly behind us .
tr	O	His eyes were the same , large and deeply blue , but his eyes .
tr	O	He never got lost ; he could see like a hawk .
tr	O	Waitress brought their meals over .
tr	O	She moves back and then hugs Kayden too .
te	O	She 's coming around .
tr	O	There was no door visible , only a dark maw .
te	O	But they took the job to escape the winter wonderland of Colorado .
tr	O	It was where I was comfortable .
tr	O	Somebody sure needed to work on this one as we moved over it .
tr	O	And now my heart breaks all over again .
tr	O	And then it was over , and I was alone in my dreams again .
tr	O	Stefan gave a tired smile .
tr	O	I allowed myself to drift into the pleasure and bliss that only he could give me .
tr	O	He 's not taking this well .
tr	O	But , there 's nothing here to be afraid of .
tr	O	I let him , went back upstairs , and called my answering service .
tr	O	He could see Carolyn engaged in animated conversation with a couple of people across the room while Gerry was helping himself to more food .
tr	O	The bed that she had made for Chase in the family room was untouched .
tr	O	Relief washes through me and I let out a breath .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	America had been discussed and as the band 's dynamic changed Johnny sensed Russell not embracing its new spirit .
tr	O	We 'd like to see what you look like in a big , formal wedding dress .
tr	O	Gage The television flickers in the background of the family room as I lay on the couch waiting for Logan to show .
tr	O	The girls had all completed sixth grade , and they knew each other from going to the same Walnut Hills school .
tr	O	He moved closer , his hand coming up to pull a wisp of hair away from her face .
tr	O	Jackson turned the burner on under the pot he had filled with water and then pulled out chicken breasts that were already pounded thin .
va	O	I want to pick out carpet and curtains with you .
tr	O	Liz stared at it with a fire in her eyes .
tr	O	He 'd been human once , though he didn 't remember who he used to be , or when or where he lived .
tr	O	And so it was that Joanna and Nanny began their collaboration .
va	O	Really , it was out of character for Reginald to ask anything .
tr	O	This is a world we reached through the Nether World .
tr	O	He remembered her entering the great cabin for supper .
tr	O	The day went faster than I thought it would and then Sandy led me to my living quarters .
tr	O	Why wasn 't Cohen quieting him down ?
tr	O	Antonia would have been right along side of us , but she was on the bunny trail , only about five at the time .
te	O	When death becomes a house guest that won 't leave , your attitude changes .
tr	O	Kendall patted his pocket , where he had hidden the object he had stolen from a tabletop while everyone was distracted .
tr	O	The room was almost empty , except for two vampires performing routine cleaning and maintenance .
tr	O	He 'd half expected Lily to speak to him while traveling , to contact him telepathically and discuss what Sebastien had said .
tr	O	Is this my lasting image of my last days on Earth ?
tr	O	What have I done ?
va	O	I 'd always rejoiced in those rare moments of passion I saw in her eyes , that deeper emotional side she kept guarded .
tr	O	His energy was volatile .
tr	O	He went back into the kitchen to finish frying some chicken .
tr	O	I 'm writing it for the gig .
te	O	At least the room only smelled like him .
tr	O	I just wanted to have a claim that trumped his .
tr	O	He looked but could see nothing .
tr	O	But he still missed her , also as a woman .
tr	O	I didn 't know what came over us .
te	O	He thought it had something to do with the fuzzy air .
te	O	My jaw almost hit the floor .
va	O	Claire had knocked the cop aside in time .
te	O	The world is depending on it .
va	O	Mike looked at his watch .
tr	O	For some women , this brings immense pain to the lower back .
tr	O	I wish I could say stay tuned ... Instead , I 'll say farewell .
tr	O	Her gloved hand fell to her dog 's head .
tr	O	I couldn 't wait to get back home , which surprised me .
tr	O	Before tonight , I had only a vague idea of what might be under his clothes .
te	O	I walked over to him and sat down next to him .
tr	O	Allyson is desperate for it to end and would like for it to go on forever .
tr	O	She heard the words , but they didn 't make sense because he was part of the whole unreality .
tr	O	What did he mean by memorizing a bunch of stuff he could forget tomorrow ?
tr	O	Cat grins at me .
tr	O	Arms extended , I began to pick my way across the rocks .
tr	O	I buss the distillation of thy warm , sugared lips .
tr	O	General Smith glanced at mom as she brought out blankets and some old pillows .
tr	O	She darted a glance in his direction , felt a shiver go down her spine when she saw the predatory gleam in his eye .
va	O	It was getting just a bit easier , she was forced to admit .
tr	O	The good news : I no longer felt like I was dying of fatigue .
tr	O	If she could stand , she could run .
tr	O	I rode the whole way above ground and on the ground , no tunnels and no rooftops , I went the long way round .
va	O	So she backed off .
tr	O	The hallway is empty but I can still hear noises .
tr	O	She steadied herself on the snowy ground before slinging one foot up into the saddle and hoisting herself into her seat .
tr	O	I walked up the steps of the salon and went inside .
tr	O	Only his downcast expression was at odds with his outdoorsy brawn .
tr	O	Joey had a great time on his date and because he wanted to see Susan more we kept going back to the zoo .
tr	O	You can change your fancy gown four times a day , practice all the rituals , study the philosophy and the laws .
tr	O	The surgeon arrived within minutes of Alex 's arrival and conducted a thorough examination .
va	O	My legs started to shake as I swayed forward .
tr	O	She approached as fast as her old body would allow .
te	O	I could see blurred faces come in and out as my eyes tried to regain control .
va	O	Small blue dots littered the page without explanation .
tr	O	He stood in the small kitchen , eating his sandwich and wondering what he was going to do next , where he was supposed to go .
va	O	I lean forward and press a kiss to his lips .
tr	O	Shall we go and start the day with some breakfast Martin ? '
tr	O	Henry raised his hand .
tr	O	The reflection of flames on a polished piece of metal suddenly reminded him of a life motto that he had placed there .
tr	O	Rosie brings us towards the back entrance of a newsagent , and as we approach the door swings open .
tr	O	Then the strands of Black web broke , and she spiraled down into the Darkness and disappeared .
va	O	He had nevertheless been let out with orders to start serving as a priest the following day .
tr	O	He was rewarded with a slight tinge to her cheeks on each occasion .
tr	O	She pointed to the tattoos , one by one , starting with the Chinese character .
tr	O	The collar would have a shine to it , allowing me to see the name of the dog ; it was Scraps .
tr	O	I thought once that I was an adventurous warrior , a woman who could face any monster and come out strong .
tr	O	I tried not to gag .
tr	O	He 'd make his presence known to the duke in the morning .
tr	O	He dropped the money into the boy 's outstretched hand .
tr	O	Merry came up to the table .
tr	O	She saw , falling like a raindrop from above , a person , a vampire no doubt , landing gently on the ground next to the net .
tr	O	I hated even hearing that name now .
tr	O	She could hardly explain that Emerson and Jonas had gone off to Mexico to rescue an old , highly disreputable family friend who had gotten himself kidnapped .
tr	O	His heart started beating harder and he steeled himself to act calm and normal if she rejected the idea .
tr	O	How could this end well ?
tr	O	As much as she didn 't like it , she knew that everything Kevin said was true .
tr	O	Now it was pulling something even larger from the pile between the fuel tank and the refrigerator .
tr	O	I can go on ahead and start .
tr	O	It could be dangerous .
te	O	The victims of suicide left behind to deal with not just grief , but guilt and shame .
tr	O	Her red hair gave her away to William immediately , it was the crazy woman .
te	O	I shrug out of Andrew 's embrace , but immediately fall forward .
tr	O	Lydia asked as she poured herself another brandy .
tr	O	Kristy slid into the back seat .
tr	O	Frustrated , I got up and went to my brother 's bedroom door .
tr	O	Her gaze hardened and her jaw clenched .
tr	O	Silent , shaking , Danika studied his face through the watery shield of her lashes .
va	O	When I glance back up , he 's still staring at me .
tr	O	Zachary demands with annoyance and anger .
tr	O	he asked , as if understanding that she needed a mundane subject change .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure it was her wince that made me flip .
te	O	She couldn 't help herself .
te	O	I 've wanted to be with you for years .
tr	O	No Christmas tree in the window , but a candlelit dinner and some excellent home baking .
tr	O	Hopefully she exercised regularly at home .
te	O	His love for me was indescribable .
tr	O	I was going to turn around and go back in when I heard coughing .
tr	O	That had never happened before .
tr	O	said Miss Tick hurriedly .
va	O	Even the shattering of her beer bottle over his windshield had done little to wake him .
tr	O	I blushed , as though I 'd been caught with my hand in the cookie jar .
tr	O	Tears filled his eyes as he thought about Ashley 's charming smile .
va	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	( Didn 't I say he was strong and athletic ?
tr	O	He smiled just a bit wryly .
tr	O	Jenna and Nicko looked at Boy 412 in surprise .
tr	O	In many ways this is an important development .
tr	O	Don 't bother denying it .
tr	O	The water gently worked a great wheel , turning it over and over again without cease .
tr	O	Then , Lea threw a right hook , which Payton also dodged by leaning back .
tr	O	He wondered if Zane was seeing the same thing .
te	O	They arrived at the cave and climbed right in .
te	O	I flipped the head over and peered inside .
tr	O	Before he had gotten four steps he heard a low throaty growl behind him and knew he was about to find out anyway .
tr	O	He paused as if waiting for questions .
tr	O	This should be fun for you .
te	O	Rock and ice chunks bit into the exposed patches of her face .
tr	O	She heard the distant call of the servants for her to wait , but she didn 't heed them one bit .
va	O	I spun around so quickly I nearly lost my footing .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what to do .
te	O	And I know that I can 't force your feelings to change . '
tr	O	An instant later the monster had started to move .
tr	O	She examined me in silence for a moment and then nodded .
tr	O	I wanted so badly to impress her and to prove myself to her .
tr	O	Rachel gathers her coat from the couch and pauses when Noah says her name .
tr	O	I glanced at it and saw the planets program asking me if I wanted to start a new search .
va	O	Jason was wearing that long-sleeved , white , second skin -- the one that left nothing of his sculpted chest to the imagination .
tr	O	That lovely , fuzzy head feeling was almost gone .
va	O	With my heart in my throat , I 'd jerked back from the railing .
tr	O	She slammed the door shut behind her .
va	O	And I know this is just a little necklace , but I wanted you to have something from me .
tr	O	I stepped back and lightly pushed his shoulders away from me .
tr	O	Clementine 's men were everywhere we turned , walkie-talkies screeching as they yelled instructions at each other and searched for whoever or whatever had caused the explosion .
tr	O	Tonight 's crowd was small , just a few of my old friends and some of the guys Blake hung out with now .
tr	O	They have persecuted our people for far too long .
tr	O	His fingers pause as he looks up and considers the two of us .
tr	O	I change the subject .
tr	O	She used both his names when she was upset with him .
tr	O	Halfway down the hall , Max wonders how he knew it was Tammie .
tr	O	I don 't need him protecting me , but there are more pressing issues on my mind .
tr	O	The next blow shall be ours ! '
tr	O	I had discreetly tried to find out about the text messages yesterday , but hadn 't been able to ascertain their originators .
tr	O	Seemed to me I should step in . '
te	O	All I could think was that we were missing people : a lot of people .
tr	O	Teresa naked on the bed .
tr	O	The one or two other passengers had left .
tr	O	She reached out again tentatively , the lightest of touches , her mind seeking his .
tr	O	The Captain informed him the phone was on and gave him an address .
tr	O	When fully assembled , those pieces formed a truly impressive and multifaceted picture .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be that carefree about the situation if it had been his fault .
va	O	Derrick yelled before the doors closed behind him .
va	O	The woman wasn 't anyone I knew .
tr	O	When I walk around the corner , Chloe is talking to our mothers and Bre is nowhere in sight .
tr	O	Obviously not even Quinn 's strong presence seemed to reassure Sam .
tr	O	Then she was back in bed , rolling and jerking covers and trying her best to wake him .
va	O	Geoffrey had attacked her friend in order to draw her out into the open .
tr	O	Dale , she got so bad .
tr	O	He leaned forward and lowered his voice .
tr	O	She 'd expanded from the empty Woolworth 's into an empty bakery on one side and an empty shoe store on the other .
tr	O	But I found it hard to believe that I wouldn 't have felt something or seen something if I had traveled to a different universe .
tr	O	It was a gift , and it would be rude to ask for more .
tr	O	Nervous excitement filled her voice as she lifted her hands , her fingers hovering at the edges of the blindfold .
tr	O	They had called Fallon Jones immediately after Chloe had ended her conversation with Stone .
tr	O	The sight broke her heart .
tr	O	Heat spread through Sarah 's stomach at his coaxing tone .
te	O	This is one hell of a hangover , he thought before passing out again .
tr	O	I want him wrapped around me , lost with me in this warm and wet embrace .
va	O	Jonathan would be a nice buffer .
tr	O	The growing season was already well along , and she wasn 't sure what kinds of plants might be available .
tr	O	He had solved one riddle only to have it shatter into a thousand other mysteries .
tr	O	It looked like a shotgun , but the barrel was wider .
te	O	Buck the eff up .
tr	O	And she was the one bringing on the trouble , not her daughter .
te	O	She breathed a sigh of relief as her friend stepped up beside her .
tr	O	Everyone scrambled to their feet and squeezed into the hall in a panicked knot .
tr	O	They 'd been working on it for nearly two days and it still looked like a pile of junk .
tr	O	I won 't let anyone , not even you , fuck with that .
tr	O	But what if the certificates were never found , or what if he had redeemed them and planned to rewrite the will ?
te	O	He was mine now .
tr	O	Here 's what I 'm thinking .
te	O	She wasn 't sure who leaned forward first , but somehow she found herself in a glorious kiss .
tr	O	When we weren 't touching I noticed .
tr	O	There , he touched the fraying white wicker back of the chair beside him .
tr	O	He decided to poke him a bit .
va	O	He 's already caught on to my plan .
tr	O	I think of the moment in time when everything changed .
tr	O	Then maybe we could have a future together , but it was selfish of me to want such a thing .
tr	O	But it was too late .
tr	O	He wondered if she would believe him .
tr	O	Ian looked uncertain , and Margaret pressed her advantage .
va	O	Two short , sharp claps were the sign that the audience with the Crown was over .
tr	O	It might be wonderful to be a Great Being and read minds , but don 't do it unless you have a thick skin .
tr	O	I had been silently worried all night that Zane 's best friend was going to be as cold and as fake as the people at his party .
tr	O	She scanned Julie 's trembling body in Morales ' hold .
tr	O	He knew the boy would do as he commanded , even if he didn 't wish to .
tr	O	A reasonable assumption but not what I really wanted to accomplish at the moment .
tr	O	He told her about us and she in turn told her people .
te	O	Jason opened the car door and helped her inside , then stood in the fresh air for several minutes , hands in his coat pockets .
tr	O	She 'd told me she could speak three languages .
tr	O	Vac 's palm struck him on the cheek and the sound of the slap echoed on the castle walls .
va	O	But how would it get here ?
tr	O	She gave me a long and meaningful gaze .
va	O	There was no traffic in or out of the city .
tr	O	He pressed at the base of the cloth spine .
tr	O	So , instead of concentrating , she relaxed , letting her unconscious mind do the work .
va	O	When had that happened ?
tr	O	He pushed himself back towards the water digging his feet firmly into the riverbed .
tr	O	The deaths themselves were disgusting and horrifying .
te	O	I didn 't want to talk and Nate seemed afraid to open his mouth to allow room for skewering to commence .
tr	O	And nearly have a heart attack when I do .
tr	O	By the Friday afternoon , the sensation he was getting at the train crossing was just like that .
tr	O	Her body went stiff with anger .
tr	O	I hung my own pack from a sturdy looking branch and joined them .
tr	O	In the center of the desk , in front of a brown leather office chair , were four open laptops and one single perfectly sharpened pencil .
tr	O	Aiming it at the keyhole was a different matter .
tr	O	So Brady 's charity fundraiser image was for real .
tr	O	But as Joe talked , and the way he looked at her pictures , she started to re-evaluate her position .
tr	O	As the boy stomped , the little paper man climbed quick as a whip up his leg and did some kind of over the back flip .
va	O	Of course she had done the same , and he probably didn 't understand .
tr	O	The probability of my inevitable death at the hands of those who needed my help wasn 't something I 'd forgotten about .
te	O	To save time , I microwaved the water .
va	O	' How young were you ? '
tr	O	Evie could see she was itching to go outside and talk to Abe , but it was more than her life 's worth to do so .
tr	O	If Edwin hadn 't been a Londoner for most of his adult life he would have found Vancouver to be both imposing and impressive in equal measure .
tr	O	If we 're lucky .
tr	O	She felt she had plenty of friends .
tr	O	He wouldn 't stand a chance .
tr	O	At once her fingers fumbled and the milk failed to flow .
tr	O	Who ... What if she was just like them ?
tr	O	Because what I 'd found with Gabe behind his bedroom door was too strong to be denied .
tr	O	And I guess he was .
va	O	Lord , it 's cold !
tr	O	I 've thought about this for a long time , Damen .
tr	O	Claire heard a chorus of negatives as the other people in the car agreed with the driver .
tr	O	Then she grabbed her purse and walked into the bathroom .
tr	O	Posing with the guys from the party .
tr	O	The barkeep paused with his answer .
tr	O	He lived right close to Conway , and he found himself just cruising through Conway at random , he says .
tr	O	Do it , before I change my mind !
tr	O	I could think of worse ways to pass the time .
te	O	He just heard that because he didn 't have the courage to tell him how he really felt about Jenny .
tr	O	They hadn 't seen anything lurking , but they had seen more ghosts entering the circle of lights .
va	O	It 's all your fault .
te	O	There was no answer .
tr	O	He stood unmoving with one hand near the Destroyer 's shoulder .
tr	O	He always used to tell me that writing his daily thoughts down was therapeutic for his soul .
va	O	The path is in front of you , you only simply need to make your choice .
tr	O	He pressed the button for his floor and the elevator shot up .
tr	O	Was that his name ?
tr	O	She had seen far too much death in her life for that .
tr	O	My companions came to a halt beside me , and I met Jasmine 's gaze .
tr	O	I 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes and I gasp .
tr	O	Yours forever , my love , C The warm languor in Jack 's veins turned to icy fear as he read .
tr	O	She managed to free her arms and she tried pushing on his shoulders while making little whimpering sounds , but that only fueled Jamie 's ardor .
tr	O	The question is so ridiculous , given the circumstances , I almost laugh .
te	O	I was still on salary ; my commissions didn 't add up to my draw and probably never would .
tr	O	They had no choice but to obey orders .
tr	O	He rose from the table and bowed ; of course he could not stay in her company now .
tr	O	Aiden had been just a kid himself when their parents had been kil ed .
tr	O	The heavy footsteps on the stairs weren 't Nan 's .
tr	O	But it doesn 't matter .
te	O	The Smitten Kittens parted around us , leaving Aiden and I sneaker to sneaker in center court .
tr	O	Their parents were best friends .
tr	O	He scraped some away to reveal the image of a pansy with pink and purple petals and a dark green stem .
tr	O	It took some effort as her limbs felt so heavy , but finally she was able to lift her hand and stroke Declan 's hair .
tr	O	I think about that at night .
tr	O	Naomi lowered Mista Jack to the ground , and he walked around Clarity , whispering close to her face .
tr	O	Grace showed him how to open his arms and legs wide to gain height , and then pull them in to dive toward the floor .
tr	O	It involved a lot of ignoring one another and simply making sure we didn 't put ourselves in tempting positions .
tr	O	He 's the family cook .
va	O	I glare at him .
tr	O	I knew Mr. Lyons was up and leaving .
va	O	And now she was part of Sam 's pack , hearing his thoughts ... and unable to hide her own .
tr	O	But it will take a lot of money and I 'll need an outside lab to work in .
tr	O	Kelly grunted his name again when he realized Nick was coming .
tr	O	I suddenly began wishing I 'd put Operation Aqua into action .
tr	O	These threats against Elle are escalating .
tr	O	Bianca was sitting on the floor outside his room .
tr	O	She stopped that train of thought at once , knowing it couldn 't lead anywhere good .
tr	O	He put everything into his job , but sometimes everything isn 't enough .
tr	O	I lifted my hand to wave at him .
tr	O	But what I was trying to ask is what are we supposed to do now that we 've got the weekend off ? '
tr	O	They decided to seal the deal before she went to college , hoping it would solidify their relationship .
tr	O	This time louder , and more intensely , and finally , I was snapped out of my trance .
tr	O	He turned on his thermal scanner .
va	O	I was a little nervous because this was my first dance with a girl , who happened to be my first girlfriend .
tr	O	She was single but didn 't want to stay that way .
tr	O	I opened the loop with a shake and it dropped to the ground for her to step out .
tr	O	This murder was different .
tr	O	But is that important ?
tr	O	It makes me want to break all my electronics , right this minute .
tr	O	With that in mind , she flattened her palm on his chest and pushed .
tr	O	Joy erased dread and the heavy weight of responsibility in Mikhail 's heart , lifted guilt and replaced it with rapture .
va	O	The Gala occupied a portion of the front page .
tr	O	Alice went to the kitchen .
tr	O	He kicked Killer in the stomach , and she yelped .
tr	O	Eloy reached down and clasped the cool grip , replaced it on his thighs , and thinned his eyes .
tr	O	I think maybe we got off on the wrong foot the other night .
va	O	He had blue eyes like his father .
te	O	He pondered the grave responsibility the possession of the sword had bestowed on him .
tr	O	If a gun pointed at Finn had magically appeared in my hand , I wouldn 't have thought twice about pulling the trigger .
te	O	The fun was gone for me now , and Sam looked as grim as I felt .
tr	O	' Please , ' George tried to say .
te	O	Dean turned to a lady behind him and smiled .
tr	O	he said with a sigh .
tr	O	She was getting too old to work like she used to .
tr	O	Realization slapped me hard across the face .
tr	O	It felt so right , although it was wrong .
tr	O	' Why aren 't you in school ? '
tr	O	' No probs just ring me when you 're ready and we 'll make an appointment .
tr	O	He would pick off any who targeted us , and in the mayhem , that seemed to be all of them .
tr	O	Alex asked with a horrified look .
tr	O	God , I 'd missed him so much .
tr	O	I knew I sounded a little too panicky , but I wanted her full attention .
tr	O	They weren 't too chatty ; they simply stood there waiting for the meeting to begin .
tr	O	The same paint covered the walls .
tr	O	My dad sits down next to her and pulls her into his arms .
tr	O	The Shadow became aware that it was holding a nice set of cashmere pyjamas .
tr	O	Still , Gabriel never truly fit in the parameters I set for myself and the outside world .
tr	O	Or maybe her friends were right and she was working too hard .
tr	O	His wife was horrified and Beresford asked her to resist the urge to call Vivienne .
tr	O	I 'm number twenty .
te	O	Aria stopped next to a French-language No Parking sign and stared at him .
tr	O	After that horrible day , I wiped the slate clean .
tr	O	It was not a very graceful performance , but Laurence was perfectly willing to forgive him that and more after the previous day 's work .
tr	O	Tess stared at her , then breathed in deep and sighed as if she 'd just tasted something wonderful .
tr	O	The flower dangled between her suddenly weak fingers .
tr	O	Back under the cover of the oak , the boys took up their spades and began to chip away at the ice-cold ground .
tr	O	She wanted to think a vampire was responsible .
tr	O	Maybe it 's because he 's Ryan .
tr	O	These two have been building a grudge match for more than a year , and it 's all the more violent because they were once best friends .
tr	O	Totally ruined me for the guys in high school .
tr	O	You 'll be fine -- we 're near Glory , and pretty well hidden in this stand of trees .
tr	O	Haven 't you seen Esther Quinn 's clothing , Puck ?
tr	O	I don 't know if I like you being a test patient for any drugs .
tr	O	She had lost her grandmother again and the grief once again took over .
tr	O	A bracelet identical to mine .
tr	O	He tightened his body , forcing me still while closing his eyes and losing the ability to kiss me back .
tr	O	My skin and clothes were damp with sweat , both his and mine .
tr	O	I shook her as hard as I could .
te	O	' If you don 't want to celebrate , you shouldn 't feel any pressure . '
tr	O	My worry cranked up another notch .
tr	O	I can hear him in the other room , pacing .
tr	O	Alpha werewolves lived a long time .
tr	O	Benny said to be prepared for more interest too , because of this show tonight .
va	O	Five or six of them , led by someone very tall .
tr	O	If she told him yes , she would only feed his sick obsession .
tr	O	Set up on blocks , it had no windows and only two doors .
tr	O	Marcus shook his head as he turned to Apollo .
tr	O	To Frank 's right , towards the old bridge , were several fallen gnarled trees , reaching far out into the river and horribly bent from storms .
te	O	I shrugged and her face twisted in parental compassion , and probably a little bit of guilt for what I constantly fed myself with .
tr	O	He became our guardian of sorts .
te	O	Mrs. White is more treacherous than you can guess .
tr	O	Rumors flew like squawking blackbirds through town .
tr	O	If he could frost from the hallway , I would 've preferred it , but I knew the suggestion wouldn 't get me anywhere .
tr	O	' What are they ? '
tr	O	On edge after the excitement of rescuing those girls and the discovery that Father may be alive .
tr	O	A Bishop cannot marry until he becomes an Archbishop .
tr	O	Verena was sitting right in front of the altar like a pillar on which the church was resting .
tr	O	If that verdict is delivered today , I 'll make sure she never leaves the orphanage unless it 's with me under the glow of the moonlight .
tr	O	It was a mountain lion .
va	O	The cavern was filled wall-to-wall with black water .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	He picked the same restaurant that Cora had gotten our food from earlier .
te	O	She stopped , glaring at him from narrowed eyes .
tr	O	And by flirting , I mean licked the rim of his glass .
tr	O	She was comfortable with him , but it was still a strange feeling to be nak * d with a man , even Declan .
tr	O	My father speculated that if that really did happen , then Ricky chose Monette because fewer people would know him there .
tr	O	Wandering off half reluctantly , he ran into his editor Billie Kale and the gang from the Observer .
tr	O	I don 't think they 're going to hook up , either .
tr	O	With the damp cloth still pressed to her face , Lily glanced at the stone floor at his feet .
tr	O	I look into her eyes , splashing in their icy waters like a shipwrecked sailor grasping for the raft .
te	O	You 've saved God knows how many lives , and taken God knows how many alien lives .
tr	O	Nothing could be fast enough to get away from the night I 'd had .
tr	O	The fact was , under different circumstances he might very well have felt he had to leave her and return to Decker and Bricker and their hunt .
tr	O	If I had just let him kiss me last week , maybe I 'd know .
tr	O	Then she and her band of protectors were crossing the street .
tr	O	I know what happens .
tr	O	Where exactly was Kirsty ?
tr	O	Neil wasn 't playing for himself anymore ; he was playing to represent them .
tr	O	I was not going to let her get away .
tr	O	It was only when she began ascending the right side of the split staircase that she heard the faint strains of a violin .
tr	O	Then I stood by .
tr	O	We are able to use them to fly and fight .
va	O	Warrior demands with annoyance , demonstrating the amazing emotional simulation of the Warrior AI .
tr	O	Not in that circumstance to family commitments , but insisted there was at least the bag .
va	O	He shook his head to clear the beer induced fog , zipped up his pants , and headed back to the fire .
va	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	O	Although inside he wondered if he preferred the whip .
tr	O	I cheer for my teammates during games .
te	O	I knew soon I would be dedicating my life to a child .
tr	O	The guy owns a strip bar and my mind cannot even bend far enough to imagine what he might be doing with a feeding tube . )
tr	O	He wished she were on his side .
tr	O	And I know that my research is not the reason that I want to see him again .
tr	O	We were so done , no matter how much he knew about me .
tr	O	He waved a hand over the tip of the cue , which grew a powdering of fresh chalk .
tr	O	A lot of work was being done around the engines .
tr	O	I need you during these rebel attacks .
tr	O	I 've read lots of old books . '
tr	O	Now , it was reversed .
te	O	There 's no romance there , Miss , lest you count the love of money .
tr	O	They seem meek and fickle until they hear the predatory monster lurch over the muddy banks with two members of an unknown species bouncing away from it .
tr	O	She waved her fingers in the air as if the push off a mysterious uninvited guest .
tr	O	This was about the most obvious invitation I had ever spoken to a man .
tr	O	Shouting , I mean , at someone under such circumstances .
va	O	I ignore it and keep driving .
tr	O	She looked at me like I had two heads .
tr	O	I pull my feet up and wedge one of them in between the couch cushions trying to get comfortable .
tr	O	Opening the garage doors to get the push mower , his eyes opened wide .
tr	O	It always takes a while to work out who 's dead .
tr	O	Jason suddenly realized why Cliff had let the hammer go without a struggle ; in his right hand , Cliff now held the saw .
va	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	This last he 'd noted , as Sonia was very sociable and sweet , she 'd charmed the lot of them as Callum knew she would do .
tr	O	Mom had a boyfriend who would come visit her every few years .
tr	O	This is all we have from the incident in the hospital car park .
te	O	I would just leave it open but I want my bolt back , and it 's stuck in the wall above .
va	O	If I do , I am going to die .
tr	O	At the same time , he heard a rustling nearby but couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	Maybe not ever , after this .
va	O	He holds out his hand .
te	O	A dim lamp in the corner of the room dulled the glow of his eyes , but not the love in them .
tr	O	He shot himself , with a gun that he had a permit for in another state .
tr	O	Harrison is certain he was going to be fired now .
tr	O	I won 't have to share the car anymore , because my dad is planning on getting the princess a new one .
tr	O	Not in the way he had feelings for Kelly , he thought , another completely different set of emotions rising in his throat .
va	O	The path to escape .
te	O	She ducked her head and trudged onward , but the bells kept coming closer .
tr	O	he asked , not caring about the contract , as long as the woman was on her way .
tr	O	He didn 't give up , and now Prudence was his wife along with being his sub .
tr	O	The babe was turning again .
tr	O	Slowly , I feel the darkness drain out of me , as though pulled away by the motion of her hand .
tr	O	I scrunched my face in disgust .
tr	O	Agent Sterling took that as a yes .
tr	O	She 's a doctor , sure , but she can also function as a nurse to replace ... Maida .
tr	O	Everywhere she went she ran into people she knew .
tr	O	The car came to a stop .
tr	O	Ellie didn 't want to admit how hurtful his words were ; Jake knew her trigger points well .
tr	O	Merchants were extorted , and left barely enough rupees to stay alive .
tr	O	I called out for her help .
tr	O	My sister possessed talents I would never have suspected .
tr	O	Attending grammar school meant leaving home at 7.20 am and arriving home at 5.30 pm .
tr	O	Big nuclear power plants .
tr	O	Standing there in jogging pants and a T-shirt , with earbuds dangling around his neck , Preston looked taller and ... well ... hotter than I remembered .
te	O	But Harald 's brother was not present .
tr	O	I 'm also a historian so I read quite a lot about the history of this place before I came here .
tr	O	I 'm sure the Reverend Mr. Parris has tried to instruct her , but we must remember , she 's been influenced by the devil .
tr	O	He wouldn 't have come over to the rebel side .
tr	O	' Hey ... how could anyone be dead up here ?
tr	O	The sound pierced him straight through the chest .
te	O	I don 't see either one of them wielding a sword and slicing off Esme 's head .
tr	O	To Budda , they looked like abandoned army barracks .
va	O	13 But as time went on the songs began to touch on darker themes .
va	O	And you know what they 're like at that age , don 't you ?
tr	O	He was so glad to be home .
tr	O	Tara stood and walked to the door .
tr	O	Rule number two : Do not spend the weekend shopping and having your hair done for a date you are not going on .
tr	O	You 're shitting your pants .
tr	O	She listened then put the receiver to her breast so the other person couldn 't hear .
tr	O	The sound of bullets amplified as it echoed off the walls .
va	O	Tom had no idea the severity of what was happening , how I felt my life ripping apart and my sanity slipping .
va	O	Alice frowned and lifted her head , sniffing the air -- there was nothing even remotely human in the gesture .
tr	O	The journalist shook his head and knitted his brows , but didn 't stop looking at Rollie .
tr	O	Two , then a dozen , then a hundred scattered in a triangle about ten feet across at its base .
tr	O	Her breathing was returning to normal and for all I could tell , it looked like she was sleeping .
tr	O	I believe I know you well enough to say this .
te	O	I 'd trusted Blake when Daemon practically begged me not to .
te	O	Well , that was eventful .
tr	O	Don 't ask me how .
tr	O	Lamps and lanterns winked on .
tr	O	Why is she looking for Calder ?
tr	O	I went out , fully dressed and he pushed past me with a smile and brushed his teeth .
tr	O	Her father said as he forced himself on top of her .
tr	O	It was a good feeling to once again have hope .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but smile at the compliment .
tr	O	I knew from the dew on the ground that it was only a matter of time before the sky ful y burst into morning .
tr	O	The description of the dish was as inconsistent as the story of why it was important to find it that evening .
tr	O	With another bow , Gianni returned to the fortress .
tr	O	Right after we sunk your yacht .
tr	O	' Is that all you 're here for ? '
va	O	There was no glass on the carpet .
tr	O	she asked , the outrage seeping into her voice .
tr	O	' Give us a kiss then . '
tr	O	She could see him , feel him , but her muscles were so limp , she was unable to react .
tr	O	With that thought , Josiah looked up again .
tr	O	Eddie hugs him and they cry .
tr	O	They 'd been on the run for at least an hour .
tr	O	The cabin shook as the plane dropped a few feet in the air .
tr	O	Grayson gave me one final ice cold stare that was more than disapproving , It was outright disdain .
tr	O	The front doors are huge and heavy and mahogany , also unusual for this type of home .
tr	O	Her last vestiges of hope that Christian would be treated fairly faded .
tr	O	But she did not understand why they would watch her so closely .
va	O	This story is first and foremost a romance , the body of which revolves around the sorrows , dreams , and emotional healings of its characters .
tr	O	Johnny went and got him and had him join them for dinner .
tr	O	' Henry was just a boy of six . '
tr	O	What complications was she adding now ?
va	O	And now all those on the chicken boat had to do was wait .
tr	O	Harriet had stood in the village kirk and realized with a sudden pang that her father had found love again .
tr	O	We gallop parallel to the cliff edge , and beyond it I see a flock of white birds keeping pace with us .
tr	O	He breathed a silent prayer .
tr	O	Can you keep an eye on her ?
tr	O	Now not everyone may appreciate that the Academy has an excellent PR machine , but it does .
tr	O	Until tomorrow Julia Jacobs .
tr	O	She could no longer live behind the boundaries of that fear , not anymore .
te	O	The sniper 's finger slid across the sensitive trigger .
tr	O	Then my gaze settled on a scrap of salvation .
te	O	- I 'm already bored with this movie ... I will continue this puzzle -- Eliza began to speak later .
tr	O	She needed to touch his iron will .
tr	O	Natalie would be joining him on December twenty-seventh , but he wished she could 've rearranged her schedule to travel with him .
tr	O	That frees me up to rummage .
tr	O	And I 'm trying to apologize for that by giving you a cup of coffee on the house .
tr	O	Yet the arguing stopped as soon as she walked in , her brothers immediately focusing on her .
tr	O	I couldn 't take the silence anymore so I began to sing softly in the darkness .
tr	O	I had practically begged that they be protected from Viggo 's deadly grip , the only reason Sofie hadn 't left them in that death trap .
tr	O	I pushed that thought away because another was forming .
tr	O	More than great , no thanks to you .
tr	O	Zac put the tea kettle back on the stove and returned to the table .
tr	O	Stories of fairy tales would be told .
te	O	He still wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't mean it .
tr	O	Maybe I was slowly going crazy .
te	O	Claire turns to Jasper .
tr	O	She looked down at the new set of bathing suits and laughed despite her embarrassment with Michael seeing her in the bathing suit .
tr	O	You had to have the awareness to quit when you 'd hit a dead end .
tr	O	Cooper was being my backbone when all I wanted to do was crumble .
tr	O	Jean-Marie knew him better than most , and from her tone he could tell that she 'd read the earlier lie .
tr	O	Ryan had told her that he would send Ned and Arnie over to the diner later that night .
tr	O	Still don 't trust him .
tr	O	CM : But , you did write a lot from your life , yes ?
tr	O	They won 't be expecting anything this bold .
tr	O	I wriggle my hands in their binds , but I can 't free them .
tr	O	Standing there , his back to him , dressed in a long , blue satin robe , was a man .
tr	O	There were smaller groups of us , three , four members of my family .
tr	O	This idea of settling down with a quiet little Glory girl might not be such a good idea , after all .
tr	O	Security was the reason he was at Bethesda .
tr	O	He nodded at my hand .
tr	O	The creature sprang , throwing itself on top on Link .
te	O	After the service , Lita Brandon carried Ty outside and Jenny 's friends distracted her by pulling her away from the church .
te	O	If I had been underwater for hours , then I should have drowned .
va	O	What thorn would lift a god 's foot ?
tr	O	With everything that had happened to Sophia , it was easy to forget that there was more at stake than that .
tr	O	I knew something of where I was then ; I 'd heard that sound many times over the past few years .
tr	O	My lungs burned from holding my breath .
tr	O	But he couldn 't include him in his plan .
tr	O	Whatever it was , the wood was hard .
te	O	I managed not to grind my teeth as I said it .
tr	O	Hunter shook his head .
tr	O	Joaquim was just outside it , and he was sort of ... flying .
tr	O	It 's things like that .
te	O	When she was gone , it created a huge hole .
tr	O	There was no sign of the man on the street , so Gray rushed toward a gate at the next corner .
tr	O	I yell , firing my gun at a walker coming up behind Maria .
tr	O	She threw a nasty glance my way as she spoke , and I immediately regretted praying for her presence .
tr	O	Christmas passes like Thanksgiving , without a bang .
tr	O	Simon was sprawled on the bed , his feet on her pillows , his chin propped on his hands .
tr	O	I 'm going to throw it over the top of the hedge .
va	O	Stories were spoken in hushed tones of five black riders seen on the horizon when the sun went down .
tr	O	I considered my grandfather 's current behavior an improvement .
tr	O	It looked like a movie studio dressing room .
tr	O	Now certainly Bilbo was in what is called a tight place .
tr	O	A long curved gold dagger with an enormous ruby set into the hilt .
tr	O	This uncontrollable urge to fly down the mountain has overcome me and I am fighting really hard to stay put .
te	O	The caravan stopped moving abruptly as if it had bumped into something .
tr	O	A force pushed me .
tr	O	Bri had had a crush on Gary Chambers nearly as long as I 'd had one on Jimmy Franklin .
te	O	Charlie shook her impatiently .
va	O	Like you wanted to murder everyone in that square .
tr	O	My legs no longer worked properly and I fell backwards onto the couch , landing with a thump as my butt hit the cushion .
tr	O	I cringed seconds later , as -- once again -- Lily Ashton turned away from me .
va	O	Ray 's dead , and is probably wearing concrete boots by now .
tr	O	The bullet just kissed me thanks to you .
tr	O	I had lived my life entire life in secrecy , and for once , I wanted to share myself with someone .
te	O	Chloe walked over and shook his hand .
tr	O	Alma gave Kane his first sweater just two days after their inaugural romantic encounter .
tr	O	Years of being a ballerina had obviously given her an amazing figure .
tr	O	I help Dante into the passenger 's seat and he still seems pale to me .
te	O	He closed his eyes and let her touch him , savoring every moment .
te	O	Once more he leaned his head back , this time without banging on the door , and took several deep breaths .
tr	O	Brady was too engrossed to notice us .
tr	O	Muscles bunched under his tight shirt , his breeches snug enough to show the cut of his thigh muscles as he moved .
te	O	I 'll have to make the call from a phone box . '
tr	O	It was like stepping into a ray of sun on a cold and windy day .
tr	O	His skin was whiter than salt , so translucent she saw the faint blue worm of tiny veins under his eyes .
va	O	There was nothing he could do but sit and wait .
va	O	Fanatics , all in black robes , surged into the space until at least thirty male vampires surrounded them .
tr	O	Usually doctors kept introducing themselves and expected you to remember them .
tr	O	And neither had my mother .
tr	O	I 'd never seen material so soft and supple .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure it jumped out of my chest as soon as he indicated for me to follow him .
te	O	He definitely wouldn 't want her to pine away for him as she went back to her celibate existence on the island .
tr	O	Every move he made was gentle and was meant to keep the young beauty at ease .
tr	O	It had been too much for Dan .
tr	O	I first went to Syed and then went for the others .
te	O	But now things were changing .
tr	O	That was his whole philosophy in life .
tr	O	But it wasn 't because of the distance that the boy appeared small .
te	O	It wasn 't anything to worry about .
tr	O	I yawned and shuffled toward the door .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have brought it up .
tr	O	He looked over his shoulder and if I hadn 't known better I would have thought I saw him smile .
tr	O	She heard her captor 's sudden intake of air and felt his body tense .
tr	O	She took it , downed it in one gulp , then reached out for the second and downed that too .
tr	O	He shot at him .
te	O	I didn 't want to pressure her , but I was dying for the rest of the story .
tr	O	My voice cracked as I wrapped my fingers around his wrists .
tr	O	Presley was older by two years .
tr	O	It 'd look like a prank .
tr	O	Pressing the heel of his hand against his jeans , he tried to loosen the fabric that bit into his erection .
te	O	The night air brushed at her skin , raising goosebumps and making her shiver .
tr	O	There 's not a chance you 're going to get out of the country .
tr	O	Her knees buckled and she would have collapsed but for the strong support of an arm around her waist .
tr	O	I was beginning not to care about the things I didn 't know .
tr	O	She was leaning against the basement door , her arms crossed , watching us curiously .
va	O	' It looks really clear that she enjoys it , which is why she dressed you in Christmas stuff in October . '
tr	O	Savanna returned a few minutes later with Cuddles nestled in her arms like she was the damn thing 's personal throne .
va	O	Pain and power are bleeding through his body into mine , jolting through his limbs and crashing into me until I nearly drop him .
tr	O	I threw my hands up in the air in frustration before finally sitting down on the sofa across from my son .
tr	O	So that damned woman had been here !
tr	O	When they got to 101 , the steward knocked on the stateroom door .
te	O	Tomorrow , if possible .
tr	O	I can do this .
te	O	There 's so much to tell you , I just wish things could be different .
tr	O	Especially with the wingspan he had on his back .
tr	O	' That also explains why we are in economy class and my assistant is travelling first class .
tr	O	We 'll turn this setback into an asset , and I will come away better for facing my fear .
tr	O	I wanted Sam to be alive , in spirit if nothing else .
tr	O	We didn 't even get to do everything .
va	O	I was so ashamed .
tr	O	A doctor came into the room , searching the faces of the tired people before looking down at the clipboard he was carrying .
va	O	The cleaning crew could take care of it .
te	O	Lotte waved to her brother .
tr	O	Still not sure what to do , Danni ran her hand over his boner , which was obstructed by the thin cloth of his boxer shorts .
te	O	Something has struck my back as well , but doesn 't seem to have penetrated my vest .
tr	O	His companion made a dive for the weapon , but Cricket was on top of him before he could even touch the pistol grip .
tr	O	It 's just the nature of what we do - of what you do now .
tr	O	I wasn 't just some college kid trying to get into his daughter 's pants .
tr	O	What about the money for the funeral ?
tr	O	Like a corpse in a bad zombie movie , Mr. Ma 's upper body whipped upright as he rose from the floor .
tr	O	However , before I recount that adventure , I must first get a new pen .
tr	O	The look in Stick 's eye during our midnight talk still gives me the creeps .
te	O	His hands slid around her back , and she could feel their strength through the terry cloth .
tr	O	-- all of them gathered together in the lobby and went down in front of the hotel .
tr	O	She shook her head .
va	O	I don 't really remember it much .
tr	O	The hulking structure of the Pier loomed in the gathering darkness as the small congregation of silhouettes sat talking amongst themselves .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure she wanted to talk about this , but surprised herself by answering anyway .
va	O	An uncharacteristic bitterness hardened his eyes .
va	O	Human memories faded faster the younger a Reboot died .
te	O	Even though surrounded by hundreds , I felt alone .
va	O	He looked at his watch - it was now 8am .
tr	O	Something so important , but you didn 't know what to do with it ?
tr	O	Vincent blinked in surprise .
te	O	I started to walk away and ran right into Jess .
tr	O	Now satisfied with the result , he decided to move forward towards the other two sentry points .
tr	O	Three roads met in Hades and it was there that the newly dead were first sorted .
tr	O	Which one of the First Circle would come out to find him ?
tr	O	She refused to allow her voice to rise with his .
tr	O	Then I leaned forward to open the door that would reveal our imposter .
tr	O	Pulling up to Victor 's house , I was overwhelmed with the size of it .
tr	O	He felt the presence of the evil one , a thick oily substance left behind so that the air reeked with the stench of the undead .
tr	O	He starts the engine , and Luke Bryan spills from the speakers .
tr	O	It suddenly hit me then that we made it .
te	O	She used the paddle to check every angle , taking measurements on her computer as he occasionally pointed details out .
va	O	She grabbed her purse and bolted outside .
tr	O	I don 't know why I like this one so much .
tr	O	She 'd hired Brandon to work at Slide with Clyde .
tr	O	he spat , venom in his voice .
tr	O	The sight was so amazing that he nearly got caught looking before diving under a large pallet of sheet metal .
va	O	Several flashlights belonging to security personnel could be seen on the grounds and candles were in many of the windows .
tr	O	He shuddered at the thought of approaching a girl 's parents , especially since he had no father to join him .
tr	O	And the human had been correct - he was burning through all the life forces he had taken .
tr	O	He was obviously surprised but not as much as he could have been .
tr	O	She rattled the doorknob but it was locked .
tr	O	How old were they anyway ?
te	O	She longed for the safety of her workshop , but it was no more .
tr	O	I had perfected what I called my business smile ; forced but well faked .
te	O	They always make up little stories and fantasies .
tr	O	The scent of many long miles clung to her , and dust caked the lines about her mouth .
tr	O	Ida and Abby made their way down the dock .
tr	O	After five years , they were now nak * d , together - in bed .
tr	O	And I knew what was on the other side .
tr	O	I was expecting to have to hall crates and crates of food .
tr	O	Rob 's arms were crossed and he looked dark .
tr	O	I hoped I never looked like that when I felt smug .
tr	O	This was a painful episode , so I 'm going to cut it short .
va	O	I thought I would vomit .
tr	O	The strategy was reconfigured and the groups split into formation with three onslaughts planned after a direct infiltration of the conference by Solas and Odin .
tr	O	Tonight , however , PODS had become the issue .
tr	O	Did sharing a Big Mac in his truck count as a date ?
tr	O	No one was sending me gifts from Tiffany 's .
tr	O	My insides instantly knot , my shoulders slouch , and I shy into the shadows of the trees , hoping they won 't see me .
tr	O	I needed to find Will ow .
tr	O	And he will be waiting .
tr	O	Jack chuckled and shook his head .
va	O	To hell with Stuart and with Tessa .
tr	O	Almost like her hand had acted of its own accord .
tr	O	The woman left to enter the back office .
tr	O	Fuck , what am I doing ?
tr	O	They 'd been good enough , for cops .
te	O	Calliope glared at me with such intensity that I considered myself lucky to still be in one piece .
tr	O	Automatically , he turned and walked away .
tr	O	Those who opposed him were the enemy and not fit to walk the same earth .
tr	O	Your dad got it for me the day we had our first sonogram .
tr	O	You can 't see that bit for the mists .
tr	O	Her lips were swollen and round , glistening from the faint moisture in our kiss .
tr	O	She gasped , feeling as if he 'd hit her .
tr	O	Just seeing her again is enough reminder of why I dislike her , so I definitely won 't try to fuck her tonight .
tr	O	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
te	O	She glanced at her watch .
te	O	The motorway appeared to be mostly intact , entirely devoid of vehicles , much like the route he had taken into town .
tr	O	My stomach growls and I realize it 's close to lunchtime .
tr	O	For there was definitely anger .
tr	O	She glanced between the three of us but finally nodded .
tr	O	Maybe if he looked into her eyes when he said the words , she 'd finally believe him .
tr	O	Then I tore the tape off her mouth .
tr	O	Even in the shadows , Claire saw the gleam of sharp teeth when Brandon silently opened his mouth - flashing his fangs .
tr	O	I was merely curious about what changes you 'd make to your appearance .
tr	O	He ran the videotape a second time .
tr	O	A smile comes uninvited to my lips .
tr	O	' Unless you want to talk about technology , reconnaissance , security or communications .
tr	O	He squinted in order to get his sight more in focus , but it was of no use .
va	O	Difficulty is a relative term when you 're talking about those two documents , however .
tr	O	The short sleeves fit snug around his biceps and broad chest , and I inwardly cringed for noticing .
tr	O	He shifted nervously and tried to get his directions straight in his head .
tr	O	We pulled into a decent-sized travel area and I immediately reached for the door handle .
tr	O	He resisted the urge to put his fist through a wall .
tr	O	The painting was of a woman , nude , showcasing her from the waist up .
tr	O	Susan moved to stand in front of Asher .
tr	O	Was he gaining strengths ?
tr	O	Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as my eyes fell on the little cabin in the middle of the water .
tr	O	Pulling her close for a hug and kiss , he carefully felt along her ribs .
te	O	That didn 't mean she was turning tail and running .
tr	O	After Christopher left , Matt took his time getting his things together , letting the other guys get out of the locker room ahead of him .
va	O	He 'd swallowed his anger and agreed to meet the chief .
tr	O	Moira worked with Nellie in another position two years ago , and they kept in touch .
tr	O	He thought for a moment and chuckled .
tr	O	Today was a new day .
tr	O	This is the only way to keep from suffocating .
te	O	His hands moved to my hips , grasping my body and pulling me flush against him , and I forgot everything but the pleasure of his touch .
tr	O	We hadn 't specified dining options , but I figured the bar would be the best place to check first .
va	O	Byron was instantly rock solid .
te	O	There was the sound of something heavy hitting the floor and a terrible coughing , then a rattling .
te	O	She didn 't just shut up , she went totally quiet .
tr	O	It seemed like a lot of loyalty for six years ' service .
te	O	He rose , bent across the table .
tr	O	Could this happen here , on this ridge overlooking their cattle herd ?
tr	O	But I don 't know , it just seems different with you .
tr	O	In the mean time , Chris called it off with Mike and moved back into his old room at home .
tr	O	Louise focussed her attention on them .
tr	O	I didn 't choose it ; Christina did .
te	O	But it 's my grandfather 's basement .
tr	O	Although unreal to Kelly , it added to her belief that someone was , in fact , slowly stalking and tracking her route home each night .
tr	O	To do so would have broken him .
tr	O	There was nothing else in the world that I had experienced that could compare to the feeling of surfing .
te	O	The group chuckles , surprised by my swipe at the queen bee .
tr	O	The Brotherhood must be right behind him by now .
tr	O	Since his admission to the town hospital yesterday afternoon , there had been no improvement in his condition .
tr	O	Could this be any worse at all ?
tr	O	Then Marcus heard her say something that chilled him .
tr	O	' And I thought Rowena would be nice for the second twin .
tr	O	He saw the incomprehension in my face .
te	O	He struggled against the two holding him down , swore when he realized that they were a lot stronger than they looked .
tr	O	Max you 've only been on this thing for a few weeks ?
tr	O	A wolf would have been able to track them through the snow .
tr	O	She must have sounded hysterical but Kamil 's patience and kind words helped her calm her nerves .
tr	O	When they broke off the kiss , Rich was delighted to see that Jamie was trembling .
tr	O	Cole saw me coming and stepped toward me .
tr	O	He didn 't like the way the other kids treated Joshua and Justin but he liked learning and playing with the other kids .
tr	O	Henrietta pushed her head back into the pillow propped up behind her .
tr	O	The girl glanced up at Mattie and smiled shyly before her mother ushered her into a stall .
va	O	The blood was turning into infinitesimal flakes .
tr	O	He slid the torch into a sconce on the wall .
tr	O	These are the moments that he dreads with every breath when he is himself ; the moments when he is no longer Luca .
te	O	It was cooler under the trees than in the city .
va	O	I recall it as one of the great horrible moments of childhood .
tr	O	Williams crushes a deep fly ball into the gap in left center .
tr	O	I slowly drew my hand back .
tr	O	Then he stared at her with the lightest blue eyes she 'd ever seen .
tr	O	As a last resort , you can always try a random potion , he said .
tr	O	She dropped the phone back into her leather bag and whirled around to face him .
tr	O	She wanted to believe it , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	But she can read mine .
tr	O	His eyes close and he pushes out a breath .
va	O	Sheldon crossed his arms over his chest in a gesture Kelly had seen Ryan affect so many times .
tr	O	Accountants , he muttered , not quite audibly , at least those who plan their schedules properly , come to Mohammed , not the other way around .
tr	O	she asked in a blunt tone .
tr	O	Chapter 19 The Weaver 's Web There are the wars fought above ground , and worse ones , fought far below .
tr	O	Still beautiful , but odd , given they were once a pretty hazel brown .
tr	O	Her heart blazed against her chest .
tr	O	Billie closed her eyes and leaned into him .
tr	O	In the morning , the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets .
te	O	He carried her inside and went into the living room .
tr	O	The trip had gone without a hitch apparently , although they might have to do something about better ventilation for the space below the truck bed .
tr	O	While Robyn played as the white kingdom , she could play a white tile on Gabriel 's black side and mess up his strategy .
tr	O	MaryAnn pressed into him , crossing the scant inches that separated them until her lips brushed his .
te	O	The announcer updated the world on the situation occurring in Kuwait .
te	O	Her uncle was alive , so were the professor and Jordan , and even that walking refrigerator called Kowalski .
tr	O	she asked , a little chil going through her , and he nodded , his long black lashes half veiling his eyes .
va	O	Why hadn 't she ?
tr	O	Jason pushed me back on the sofa and covered me with his body .
tr	O	He didn 't do committed relationships and she was already on emotional overload with him .
tr	O	So Adrienne wasn 't telling Daddy and Granddaddy everything .
va	O	I 've been a serious fencer for years , but I never even got close to a touch on anybody without a pulse .
te	O	Cassandra felt a tear roll out from the corner of her right eye .
tr	O	Besides , I needed answers and I was so tired of waiting around for Dank to tell me .
tr	O	He finished his brief berating , remembering that the reason he didn 't recognise it straight away was the fact that the entire race was wiped out .
tr	O	One thing is for sure ... his general disposition has taken a noticeable turn downward as a result of this encounter with himself .
tr	O	The same little smudges were found around where the poachers had said they had first come upon the bear .
va	O	She walked closer to him , and I followed her .
tr	O	Talk about mixed signals .
tr	O	He lived with his sister .
tr	O	It doesn 't budge .
va	O	When Dr. Z dismissed the class , I realized I hadn 't taken a single note .
tr	O	Stretching both arms over his head he tried to work the stiffness out of his shoulders and neck .
tr	O	Why did you come back ? '
tr	O	You never wanted me !
tr	O	She made out the outlines of the wagons , arranged in a defensive circle surrounding the people within it .
tr	O	The rain had begun in earnest .
tr	O	Xavier was seated to his left .
tr	O	She excused herself and went in to make coffee .
tr	O	He had a quick laugh that was friendly and kind ; but there was a sharp authority in him .
tr	O	Josie planted her hands on her hips and turned her head toward the window .
te	O	Hornets nested on the ground , and this was prime territory for them : quiet areas close to trees .
tr	O	He cupped his hand to her back but kept a respectful distance .
tr	O	' The study of weather involves a lot of things that we don 't understand very well yet .
va	O	I tossed my things into the hammock little Neale had pointed out to me and climbed above to watch us lift off .
tr	O	The women wore those , they weren 't allowed to wear any metal in case it set off a spark .
va	O	Not a fake laugh .
va	O	If this were the case , he pondered , they would be no match .
tr	O	Sarah 's face eased into a smile .
tr	O	And the care she took , it was almost enough that he could pretend she had real feelings where he was concerned .
te	O	He set her bag on the bed , then turning to go , took her into his arms .
tr	O	He started with the poker games in Kuwait , then moved on to the RPG that knocked him unconscious and the firefight in Fallujah .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together into a tight line .
tr	O	I 'm not even here to question the motives behind said niceness heaped upon mankind .
tr	O	I pushed harder , and felt our magic surge .
tr	O	It makes me wonder if she 'll ever make an appearance or if she is more of a fictional person than I realize .
tr	O	I have Dweller numbers that I can control now .
va	O	It was said the way to a man 's heart passed directly through his stomach .
tr	O	Tears are flowing freely down my face and I feel the sweat breaking out on my forehead as I become more and more conscious of my injuries .
tr	O	On the instant , she decided to fob off her employer with harmless trivia about the new dress she had bought for Saturday 's big event .
te	O	Makes you wonder how much highfalutin business you 'll be doing out of that swanky office if them pictures show up on the news and the Internet .
tr	O	Over the years , he 'd lost some of his muscle mass , but he was still big enough to not look skinny .
tr	O	Standing close in this low light , he could see the shape and movement of her eyes through the protective glasses , but not the color .
tr	O	She looked at her sculpture in Ryan 's arms .
te	O	I must have looked wobbly because the doctor held out his hands as if preparing to catch me should I fall .
tr	O	Chloe said as she came to stop beside me as I squatted down and poked a finger at one of the dead men 's chest plate .
tr	O	A full-throated , deep laugh , one that made Iona 's stomach do flips and her blood burn .
tr	O	When the merchant white Europeans came , these same traders began to sell slaves to the visiting ships .
va	O	He was the type of man that could woo a woman just by smiling at them , young or old .
tr	O	Wolf scanned the eyes of the seated , they had all put their palms on the table .
va	O	Her goons looked as impossibly good , their makeup giving their skins a glossy feel .
va	O	The girl 's still got her head down , coughing to herself .
tr	O	My jaw tightened , but I refused to acknowledge it .
tr	O	I called the motel , and went over to the police department yet again .
tr	O	From the rim of the channel they commanded the top of the outlaws ' rock outcrop , and all the outfall from the southern face of it .
tr	O	He looked mean , raised and bred on the tough streets of Detroit , definitely not a stranger to the Michigan Penal System .
te	O	Vera 's father came to Randall to tell him she was with child .
tr	O	If you turned out to be trouble , I was gon na kill you with it .
tr	O	I was sweating to the point where I was wet through but I carried on .
tr	O	He kissed her again , nearly devouring her .
va	O	Jack proffered a packet of Gold Flake .
te	O	He is one of the most important commanders that we have .
va	O	Addie shot him a look .
te	O	Just because she was terrified didn 't mean these men were necessarily a threat to her .
tr	O	Pressure at my back pocket tells me she 's giving me the cash .
tr	O	He stiffened as I grazed his neck with my fangs .
va	O	I 've been accused of treachery to the church , to the country and to God .
tr	O	He looked so distinguished in his suit .
te	O	The air held the stink of the city , not the clean smell of open water , so I assumed the Thames , still in London .
tr	O	' No , the Work and Labour people play at the legal house and already I know what they 're doing . '
tr	O	Courtney Cole 123 With My Last Breath , Book Three Chapter Twenty Hecate looked seriously at me , then at Lucan and my parents .
tr	O	His mouth was unexpectedly hot , like he 'd been drinking coffee , or I was even more thoroughly frozen than I 'd thought .
tr	O	She guessed that the marriage was what had been weighing so heavily on him when she 'd first seen him .
tr	O	The broken chain just served to confirm his suspicions .
tr	O	A dozen police officers pushed through the crowd at the back .
tr	O	A tiny person was standing on the cliff .
tr	O	He won 't talk , but at least he 's out of play .
tr	O	I can 't pin point it exactly , but I don 't trust his reasons for wanting to buy the company from me .
tr	O	Pepper was still the most curious of the three and she would wander off chasing some bug or sniffing some plant .
tr	O	The knob wouldn 't budge .
tr	O	She looked in the direction the noise was coming from .
tr	O	I let go of him , and the guy standing next to me nudges me with his elbow .
tr	O	But it was Reyes who drew her attention again and again .
tr	O	His body stilled and he looked at me hopefully .
tr	O	You shouldn 't do this to me in the hospital .
tr	O	Claire 's grip on my hand tightened .
tr	O	she gushed to Jimmy , her boss .
tr	O	Winter moonlight cast a bluish tint along the creaky floorboards .
tr	O	Colin glanced at her in surprise .
tr	O	She bolted up to the main floor and out of the house and then down the street to the closest neighbor , where she called an ambulance .
tr	O	she protested loudly , forcing his hand from her body .
tr	O	Bear and Jessie slept .
tr	O	Stephen wasn 't kidding .
tr	O	She turned right at the end and entered into a spacious lounge .
tr	O	Henry 's hand , apparently prehensile in his inebriated state , found its way to a position squarely placed on the poor girl 's rather shapely bottom .
tr	O	Brennan and his men entered the immigration hall , and quickly scanned the queue of people waiting to go through passport control .
tr	O	And there were definitely such bonds between them whether she wanted to admit it or not .
tr	O	It had never occurred to him that she might make such an assumption .
tr	O	Once safely by myself , I examined my injury .
tr	O	We stepped into the backyard , which was clear of the trees that crowded around the front of the house .
tr	O	The two riders who had gone upstream returned to where Michael had entered the water .
tr	O	He clicked , and columns of names for the Atlantic hurricane seasons filled the screen .
tr	O	Was this guy for real ?
te	O	I don 't really have ties anywhere anymore .
tr	O	He could not believe it .
tr	O	' I just don 't understand . '
tr	O	I crushed the wrapper and in my pocket it went .
tr	O	She jumped out of bed and headed to Sam 's enormous bathroom , turning on the shower and jumping underneath the warm water .
tr	O	Without taking off her high-heeled boots , she poached a piece of fish , boiled some brown rice and steamed some vegetables .
tr	O	My lips parted on a swift inhale .
tr	O	And over all , the intoxicating scent of woman .
tr	O	But I seriously doubted it .
tr	O	Back at Temple Road as Matthew arrived home very late in the evening , something he was now trying to accomplish on a regular basis .
tr	O	Instead , the person who 'd spoken a moment earlier touched her shoulder .
te	O	He stares at me for a long time , his eyes flowing over my body .
tr	O	Dryden was saying in an exasperated voice .
tr	O	This revelation is innate and comes from the world of the soul .
tr	O	He sounded groggy when he answered , which told her he hadn 't gone out with his brothers .
va	O	Nick returned his book to his back pocket .
tr	O	I recoil , shaking my head as I get to my feet .
tr	O	' I 'm not willing to take that chance , ' I said .
tr	O	He would not , could not go into a hometown bar and drink soda .
tr	O	Lynn sat up straight in her chair , a frightened look on her face .
tr	O	Between cases he answered the phone .
tr	O	I swallowed and moved onto the bed .
tr	O	Bria and Xavier stood outside .
tr	O	Two minutes later , he was pulling up in his driveway , letting his light fade until he looked like any other human .
tr	O	But ... but that was impossible .
tr	O	I moved my hands in small circles , easing the knots as I found them .
va	O	He deserved to be punished .
va	O	I claimed to have given the man some coins from my own wages , and the Queen couldn 't prove otherwise .
te	O	It has to be of my own doing after all my time spent with Arlo having endless discussions regarding humans and their feelings .
va	O	The Librarian only stopped pumping when the lever was too hot to hold and the air reservoirs were farting and whistling around the rivets .
tr	O	I couldn 't even really quite hear what he said .
tr	O	Yet Viktor tugged the dagger out the trunk and blocked the blow of the larger blade .
va	O	Don 't put her in the dark .
te	O	I laughed with delight .
te	O	Something strangely melancholy shot through her expression at her father 's words , but she recovered herself admirably .
va	O	Pulling the frosted shower curtain closer , she peered around the edge .
tr	O	She said that she vaguely recalled slipping , then everything went black .
tr	O	Virgil said , struggling to extricate himself from his chair .
tr	O	It occurred to him that when you 'd had everything , all that was left was nothing .
va	O	He gave me a nod , merely the briefest dip of his head .
tr	O	He guessed Heinrich didn 't like to be ignored .
va	O	She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house .
tr	O	Another man in an identical uniform appeared , holding a gun .
va	O	I could have gone up to the house and asked Ben to unlock it , but I had heard Meena making tracks down the path .
tr	O	Fat Charlie thought it highly likely that Rosie 's mum went out at night in bat form to suck the blood from sleeping innocents .
tr	O	he replied with feeling .
tr	O	I thrash my arms around and can no longer contain my rage .
tr	O	When I got myself together he didn 't let go of my hand .
tr	O	Stuart smiled , snapped shut his notepad , slipped it and his pen back in his pocket , and said , ' No reason , Heinrich . '
va	O	Pay close attention to all the new abilities you discover .
tr	O	For we might have great need of him in the future .
tr	O	I wanted to be dead , but I opened my eyes , and found myself looking upon several beings , all with lavender hair .
tr	O	Something flickered in his eyes before he looked away .
tr	O	Ty bounced on the mattress , grabbing his side and grunting .
tr	O	You name the time and the place and I 'll be there .
tr	O	There will be other cities to stand against the invaders , and if they are lying now , we will not fall for their tricks again .
tr	O	Very wicked of him , but it had been worth it .
tr	O	God yes , I thought .
tr	O	All those feelings of betrayal and heartache came rolling back just as if it were yesterday .
tr	O	Barefoot , Linda staggered avoiding collision with the coffee table .
tr	O	I admit I am a horrible example of a human at times ; this is one of those times .
va	O	They 'd been watching us the whole time .
tr	O	He disappeared into the station .
tr	O	You didn 't want to live without me , yet when you knew it would have made my extinction pointless you couldn 't stand the thought .
tr	O	Proper as he was , he commanded a somewhat better view than Pete .
tr	O	Peregrine Pratt had in fact one other friend apart from Ogg .
tr	O	I know that would make a lot of people happy around here .
tr	O	He grasped the steering column , flicking a few dozen switches without thought , all the while ignoring the little scientist 's many questions .
tr	O	He glanced down at her , amused by her unsubtle question .
tr	O	He gave me a kiss and added a little tongue .
tr	O	And thank you for calling , Oscar .
te	O	Nothing else she could offer me would be as horrific as what I 'd just witnessed .
tr	O	But after he 'd gone so long without the words passing his lips , I didn 't want to be the one to break the silence .
tr	O	A bouncer let me in at the door , stamping my hand in red to show I was under twenty-one , and then nodded me inside .
tr	O	Talk about double standards , Darcy thought .
tr	O	The episode in the playroom played over in his mind .
va	O	Destiny waited , watching his every move .
tr	O	They settled into an old Airstream trailer and constructed a crude laboratory in a rebuilt barn hidden deep in the Pines .
tr	O	One of the teachers , Ms. Whittaker , was an amateur botanist who was always happy to supply Ms. Terwilliger with various plants and herbs .
tr	O	He swallowed the pill .
va	O	He stared down at the dying savage .
tr	O	He sat for a moment , then decided to leave them .
tr	O	Where could she even begin to start looking for the money ?
tr	O	It was barely ten .
tr	O	Someone else is approaching the inn -- a man in a blue coat .
va	O	Gemma got up and walked away without looking back .
tr	O	Even though the kid was in his teens , he still had a tear in his eye .
tr	O	My attempts to slam the door are futile .
tr	O	Her flirting wasn 't lost on Kurt , but instead of acknowledging it , he took his beer , turned , and ambled out the front door .
tr	O	Nixon answered just as a noise sounded from the end of the hall .
tr	O	He looked at me and I nodded and smiled .
tr	O	Holiday held up her palms .
tr	O	In the meantime , he had work to do .
va	O	She gave the address and Leslie jotted it down on the brochure .
tr	O	And it had happened only ten years ago .
tr	O	Dark times only last if you let them .
tr	O	Lace went on about things about the school .
te	O	There was no way he could cross it in time to save his friend .
tr	O	She spat it out again before darting off in front of me , toward the approaching whales .
te	O	He wasn 't damned yet .
tr	O	Jax kissed me and headed upstairs to the Fortress of Solitude .
tr	O	Until he handed me his card .
tr	O	The thin layer of loose sand covering the hard ground beneath her shoes was comforting -- it meant she was close to home .
va	O	Every single person in this room obeyed Hayes Under in an odd sort of way .
tr	O	In response , she 'd flushed and resolved not to give him another opening that led into dangerous territory .
te	O	Get her home safe and make sure she 's fine .
te	O	He closed his eyes and concentrated on the tantalizing scent of meat and spices simmering on the stove .
te	O	He was not much interested and was leafing through the book .
tr	O	6 I expected Sam to drop my hand as soon as we entered the building so Charlotte wouldn 't see us and pitch another fit .
tr	O	A polite , painted admiral escorted us onto another ship that will sail us all the way to Paris .
tr	O	He already had bipolar disorder , probably caused by the time travel , but she augmented his condition with drugs , and that caused his multiple personalities .
va	O	Was the girl a reason worth risking his life and the life of his grandson ?
tr	O	He lifted his hand in a brief gesture of farewell and left the room to make his way to his mate .
tr	O	Kimo 's response seemed genuine .
tr	O	Nothing seemed out of place .
tr	O	He stood aside and let his customers in ahead of him .
tr	O	The men stood in silence for a moment .
te	O	We 'll sit on the beach , he told me , and watch the kids flying kites .
tr	O	I tried to form words , but my heart was too busy jumping up and down with relief .
va	O	They 'd just waited for their cronies outside to come crashing in before attacking .
tr	O	A furrow appeared between her brows .
te	O	We were so careful , or we tried to be .
tr	O	Jack reached the inner corner of the room and stopped abruptly in front of something that immediately caught his attention .
te	O	Ashe said , zipping across the courtyard .
tr	O	And he knew just how to do it .
tr	O	' So she never told you ? '
tr	O	With a firm hand on her shoulder , I walked her out to the hallway and pointed her towards the bathroom .
tr	O	he said while plunking it down next to the bed he wanted .
te	O	Then he saw Ethan 's arm moving .
tr	O	He said softly as he caressed my thigh .
tr	O	I cracked the whip and spun in a circle , sending more currents into it as I felt it meet the resistance of bodies .
va	O	He slumped to the floor but was still conscious , and an image of footwear was imprinted in his mind .
tr	O	She was asleep before Cade lowered her onto it .
tr	O	Ben was about to plummet off the cliff with the evil gremlin locked in his arms when John jumped on his back .
tr	O	Shea shoved at his broad shoulders , then tumbled backward to the floor , wiping at her mouth with the back of her hand .
tr	O	His voice was grim , his touch possessive .
tr	O	It did not matter if David knew that he was wrong and tried to make amends .
tr	O	They actually seemed startled to see her , and more or less stopped what they were doing .
tr	O	Augustine turned to me .
te	O	He was off to the other guests by the time Celeste had joined the women .
tr	O	Her pouty mouth turned into a frown .
tr	O	He remembered the mobs of people standing alongside the buses taking the American soldiers from the airport .
tr	O	I bet it wasn 't until Franklin 's birthday bash that Belle realized her father and Lily had become romantically involved again .
tr	O	She pulled it open , paused .
tr	O	I ran to the door and threw it open .
tr	O	Graeme swore even as pain knifed through his shoulder .
tr	O	I want to get a non-smoking room .
tr	O	This , what she felt for Chase , couldn 't be compared to that .
tr	O	My guess is that they were modified to deactivate the robots on some sort of signal .
te	O	And everything went black .
tr	O	But top hats , purses and papers all spilled into the void below .
va	O	No , the world became Adrian , only Adrian .
tr	O	Silken was smiling as she waved goodbye and went with Max to find their seats but her smile hid a tiny prick of apprehension .
tr	O	Not that it seemed to matter .
tr	O	A treasure hoard would have seemed dull and uninteresting by comparison .
va	O	Because he didn 't make mistakes .
tr	O	Michael took advantage of the slower day crowd by remaining in his office and completing paperwork .
tr	O	Her hands were clasped over her chest .
tr	O	In her spare room , she had a laptop that picked up a neighbor 's wireless network .
te	O	I raised my half full glass .
tr	O	We agreed that we would indeed do nothing .
tr	O	But I went further down to the vacant lot at the corner , then cut back here on the pavement .
tr	O	So vampires had feelings , too .
tr	O	They had until sunrise to find the girl and get out , or they 'd have to fight their way free .
tr	O	A Silent Brother stood over a thrashing man dressed in the remnants of red gear .
tr	O	dreams at night that William Goldman or Steve Martin will sue him .
te	O	I nodded to them and sat on a bench in the far corner facing the river .
tr	O	The Journal just published a story about the lady the Bachelor Blogger mentioned and her link to the notorious Morley murder .
tr	O	Emily blew air through her teeth .
va	O	Everything is bathed in golden light and more colorful than any 3D scene I 'd ever imagined .
tr	O	I am just a story .
va	O	By the time I left , I wasn 't a happy camper .
tr	O	She was fascinated by the magnified images .
tr	O	Katherine felt her heart sink as she listened to Carmen hang up the phone .
tr	O	Newton took another look at the layout below .
va	O	As he spoke with one of his friends , he cursed the day Xavier was born and called him every nasty name that came to mind .
tr	O	She knew her behavior was infantile , but she couldn 't help feeling relieved nevertheless .
tr	O	Her sleep had been fitful lately .
tr	O	I was about to confess the way I felt , and I knew Nathan would be thrilled with what he was going to hear .
te	O	You Heal them , then I 'll Erase their memories of it .
tr	O	He 'd been there when I 'd needed him with the bloody roommate situation , and I just knew he would be there for me now .
tr	O	Dean turned to address the next words to Agent Briggs .
tr	O	In mere minutes , he and Rafe closed in on the white limestone Victorian mansion at the address Aric had indicated .
tr	O	My head was spinning , both at the speed of her words and the scope and breadth of her request .
tr	O	Bree turned toward Chad and sent him a stunning smile that would 've dropped him to his knees had he not already been sitting .
va	O	Hannah called out as she stepped into her childhood home , feeling engulfed in its warmth and welcome .
va	O	An ambulance clearly marked St. Mary 's .
va	O	I thought I knew which lady it was as well .
tr	O	T is none of your affair .
tr	O	Since there was little choice he followed Josh in .
tr	O	Aren 't there any pants I can wear or anything like that ?
va	O	Eve let out a warning cry , but Claire stepped in front of Oliver as the shotguns came up .
va	O	Obviously , Phony Baloney Bonnie was going to be fashionably festooned , even if her only audience were library staffers .
tr	O	He took a deep breath .
va	O	But what did she know ?
tr	O	He put a gloved hand on Kai 's shoulder and squeezed .
tr	O	I was in so much trouble .
tr	O	The bed 's on the floor , without any tall bed posts .
tr	O	To him , Sally Ramsay remained a conundrum .
tr	O	The sleep doesn 't last long .
tr	O	He wondered if they had consciously made the decision to switch lines or if it was just good fortune .
te	O	Overcome with a potpourri of emotions , she rushed him with a hug .
tr	O	I saw what happened .
tr	O	I shook my head and pulled away .
te	O	Oh yes , traveling was going to be most unpleasant , she thought with a sigh .
tr	O	CHAPTER SEVEN AMBER ATE DINNER alone that night , after Mike called to tell her he 'd be working late as a last-minute favor for a friend .
tr	O	He murmured something unintelligible .
tr	O	With Kane tightly heeled beside him , Tucker put a little march into his step .
va	O	Call her names and try to make her feel guilty .
te	O	Biddy was an old woman .
te	O	Then his eyes flicked down , and back up to hers .
tr	O	Looking at her like he would much rather stay at home .
tr	O	God has given you an answer ... It 's time to listen .
tr	O	I destroy the lives of everyone I come into contact with .
tr	O	he muttered under his breath .
tr	O	Then she began to scream .
tr	O	A young girl stood on the counter wearing a red dress and a ruffled white apron .
tr	O	Realization hit a split second too late .
tr	O	Then it struck her how many of those odd dreams had included Philip .
tr	O	He starts to get up , but I pull on his hand .
tr	O	What sounded like a lot from a distance could be a lot , or only a few .
tr	O	Jesse has those placed around any safe houses or buildings we might use .
tr	O	That too was an episode of my life that I had avoided including in my story to them .
tr	O	For a moment I could almost believe that we weren 't trapped here , that he was human , and that none of this awfulness had happened .
tr	O	I know him for less time than you .
tr	O	They moved swiftly , and not many minutes later they arrived at the local constabulary .
tr	O	Much later , both of them climbed back up to the tuna tower .
tr	O	The kid can 't stay here they 'd haul him off as an accomplice .
tr	O	Such strongholds have protections against your kind .
tr	O	Michelle looked up with interest .
tr	O	Neither did the professors that I asked .
te	O	We had some prime entertainment in this town .
tr	O	Did she want to fall into bed with an infamous lothario ?
tr	O	Said Lea , who tried to get air into her lungs .
tr	O	Alma : Heart of the People won 't eat any food that you 've gathered .
tr	O	The young page smiled cheekily and bowed .
tr	O	Her face , which is normally lovely I am sure , is twisted at the moment into something unrecognizable as human .
tr	O	The Lord Ruler hasn 't even told us what he is supposed to accomplish in those mountains !
te	O	Why do we scare you ?
tr	O	Some of us fell into that trap , while others fought their entire lives to break free of them .
tr	O	He sat there , breathing heavily , thinking about Catherine leaning over the croquet rack , about her halter slipping .
tr	O	Brennan leaned on his knuckles over Lithgow 's desk .
va	O	Demetri looked away from me , tears blurring his large blue eyes .
va	O	Then , as though a switch flipped , Edie watched her Aunt 's eyes clear and return to normal .
tr	O	There was a cot to the left of Duncan .
tr	O	Thanks to magic , I 've got a caste all of my own .
tr	O	I had to turn away from their bloody faces and sobbing moans .
tr	O	Then he went over to talk to Sneed .
tr	O	My engine began to miss , then caught fire , and my plane began a doomed spiral toward the sea .
tr	O	Leif was one thing I had to deal with .
tr	O	I have to be up and moving pretty early tomorrow .
va	O	The brutal footwear was a stark contrast to the white , one - shouldered robe he wore .
va	O	Maybe she was destined for a life of abuse .
tr	O	We 're talking to Desmond Sturbridge at ten AM .
tr	O	Julie was watching as Mike made small circular motions on her belly with his fingers .
te	O	I picked one up , expertly peeled it , and took a bite .
tr	O	There were not many recognizable faces , but the colors of the uniforms could be identified .
tr	O	To have the knowledge I 'd sought for all my life so close but so completely out of my grasp was maddening .
tr	O	He snapped his mouth closed , shook his head once and peered at me again .
tr	O	And I 'm willing to work at that , to earn your trust , whatever I need to do .
va	O	And as she ascended his spiraling driveway that afternoon to the top of the miniature mountain , not one bit of her felt out of place .
tr	O	Her heart slammed hard in her chest .
tr	O	It just smelled like straw .
tr	O	I can see it now as vividly as that first day .
te	O	In the CIA safe house , Jon turned on his heel .
te	O	Hopefully , the front windshield was still intact .
te	O	The deep voice startled him from his thoughts .
tr	O	If he hadn 't caught her off guard , the kiss on Friday night would never have happened .
tr	O	Do you read me , Athena ?
tr	O	Not a single one of the scents was familiar .
tr	O	She was too intelligent , too driven to achieve a meaning in her life to be content playing the role of social matron .
va	O	This time the guidebook had not been misleading .
tr	O	She 's the youngest .
tr	O	Taking hold of the chain , she gave it a tug , thinking she could easily dislodge it , but nothing happened .
tr	O	She turned to go .
tr	O	Before she can even explain , Paul phases and we bolt toward Sanctuary .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have thrown them together like this .
tr	O	She imagined herself in a Brothers Grimm fairytale for a moment , before the trail grew chaotic at a sharp bend .
tr	O	An explanation for why the spotlight chose that exact moment to come loose ?
te	O	Only : Oh , please help me , oh please , please .
te	O	As soon as the last drop was gone , I felt suddenly invigorated , like some of the fatigue from the nights before had been washed away .
tr	O	The rat , like many others , expressed a low opinion of her prophetic abilities .
tr	O	Rising , she grabbed the fireplace poker , tiptoed toward the entry , and peered around the corner .
tr	O	Louisa blinked in surprise .
tr	O	Lucia kept silent all the way back down the steps .
tr	O	Eight says , watching Four and Six move south .
tr	O	The doors to the gymnasium burst open .
tr	O	I 'll find her .
tr	O	Despite the traffic , the sky above was empty .
tr	O	She concentrated on her fries , drawing circles on her wrapper with a golden tip .
tr	O	Without another word , Vac rose to his feet .
tr	O	If nothing else , his headlong plunge had made Felice miss her first shot .
tr	O	Allow me to hear the words unheard by the living to learn from the dead .
va	O	Next , Calvin had them all howling with laughter but soon stopped when , in came Grace asking for a private word .
tr	O	What had happened to my team ?
te	O	Jimmy walked up to Cindy and pulled her aside .
tr	O	But what about the girls from the hospital ?
tr	O	It would be hot , but there was no help for it .
tr	O	came Jason 's voice in my ear .
te	O	She felt her heart racing .
tr	O	She really hadn 't thought this through .
tr	O	Had Armand gone down into the earth already ?
tr	O	He moved to the exit , slowly but determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm .
tr	O	She said slowly and now it was my turn to have the goofy grin .
tr	O	He continued to stare at her , resisting with all his might the urge to move away .
te	O	I looked around and turned every corner with caution for fear that I might run into Tommy .
va	O	The new solar panels were heating up water which was nice .
tr	O	Wendell looked at him cautiously .
tr	O	And even now , something 's telling me -- my gut , I think -- that maybe I still think he 's right .
tr	O	His cock surged beneath her hand .
te	O	Once she gets through her crowd of admirers her eyes scan the people before landing on us .
tr	O	Also , Gregor was not into fighting .
te	O	Josh scowled and started to turn the page .
tr	O	Pissing her off was a huge bonus .
tr	O	I never could live up to her image .
tr	O	God , she 'd put a bullet in her head first .
tr	O	Her laugh was forced and high-pitched .
tr	O	Didn 't he have any pride ?
tr	O	As a direct descendant of one of the original signatories of the U.S. Constitution , I would offer a personal perspective .
tr	O	I mean , it looks like it would .
tr	O	Louisa 's father , Earl Scranton , had convinced other men to give him money for investments , which were either never made or failed utterly .
tr	O	Paolo smiled , mimicking her .
tr	O	They are all wearing black and white suits , dark glasses , and carrying various metal rods and strange devices you 've never seen before .
tr	O	The digestive juices pouring into my mouth didn 't matter .
tr	O	The warrior crept to the door of the house and tried to open it ; it was unlocked .
tr	O	And , you have a huge weak spot here .
va	O	It was the only way to lose the dogs .
tr	O	His long fingers played on the harpsichord keys without any notion of music .
tr	O	His tongue flicked my collarbone as his mouth descended .
tr	O	I only just realised however that my feelings for him are much stronger than I thought .
tr	O	She searched for Rocco , her protector , who at the moment was too busy licking his privates to give a flying fig about her personal safety .
va	O	The dinner that followed was an unalloyed delight .
tr	O	Eleanor smoothed his hair again .
tr	O	' The guys from the fire crew were looking for you . '
te	O	She locked her mouth to my wrist and started to pull , choking and gagging on the first few drops .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrows at him wondering if he had gone crazy .
tr	O	He glanced briefly at Fintan before continuing , while Father beamed with pride .
tr	O	The picture had been taken at the beach .
va	O	The middle-aged man collapsed to the ground .
tr	O	The dagger would destroy the vessel which is the existence growing inside her .
tr	O	He tasted his fingertip , the one that had just barely stroked me , and gave a low growl of approval .
tr	O	Her heart quickened with recognition of its hunky form .
tr	O	With the passengers safely aboard , the chopper pilot faced front , dipped the nose of the chopper , and accelerated south to complete his mission .
tr	O	That was the first indication , and in some ways the most ominous of all ; that was what had first frightened him .
tr	O	( The sugar bowl , that is .
tr	O	I drive towards the meeting place I 've arranged with Evans .
va	O	He didn 't elaborate , and McKenzie grew even more heated as nerves shot through her .
tr	O	God , she was sexy .
tr	O	The guard smiled at Auron and the red hair man smiled back .
va	O	Perhaps I was not that surprised -- these were violent times we were living in .
tr	O	I toast along , but I hear the past tense in her tone .
va	O	I never once imagined that I would end up suffering from some strange form of psychosis .
tr	O	And I , completely distracted , had not even thought about testing the treat .
tr	O	Brother George and Peter left the barn .
tr	O	Henrietta rubbed her thumb and fingers over her fan , and then she forced herself to look at him .
te	O	I should say the same to you .
tr	O	Kali tapped a pen thoughtfully against the desk .
tr	O	I heard it in her voice .
tr	O	My body tingled , and I was glad my parents were behind me because my face was on fire .
tr	O	Binding off the patch , she was about to reach for the remote control when her stomach growled .
tr	O	The very idea - freedom !
tr	O	Cats are the most popular pets in the universe .
tr	O	No matter how much we change , we will know that we are sisters because of these necklaces that will be worn underneath our blouses .
tr	O	I ran my hand through my hair and shook my head .
tr	O	It sounded to him as if the poor creature wasn 't right in the head .
va	O	I pulled the white handle and the alarm screamed .
tr	O	Ted 's heart leapt as she smiled and nodded .
tr	O	It 's his ring I have on my finger and him I 'm going to marry .
tr	O	He got on to his knees and crawled under the split in the rock , through an excavated tunnel .
tr	O	They run the horses on the beach , a pale road between the black water and the chalk cliffs .
tr	O	Not just Elizabeth Frasier , but three Cordell residents had died and one other was in critical condition in an Oklahoma City hospital .
tr	O	You haven 't forgotten that , have you ?
tr	O	A moment later , a big hand grabbed the back of her coat , hauled her upright , and began whacking the snow off her .
va	O	No special license was required to ride or own one .
tr	O	She dug around there , too , but came out empty handed .
tr	O	he asked softly , those incredibly intelligent eyes not missing anything .
tr	O	He jumped up suddenly and I took a step back ; his simple gesture frightened me .
tr	O	Lighting fell like rain from the orange sky .
tr	O	' When I left her , I fell down the steps in the old house , and I was bruised from where Claudia had hit me .
tr	O	The driver pulled away from the curb .
tr	O	She was left with Gideon and an unsettled feeling that everything had just changed .
tr	O	Taking up residence there was the best way to ensure her safety but she planned on figuring out a way to live on her own .
tr	O	Rema wanted him to leave so she could figure things out , without him intoxicating her with his presence .
tr	O	' Er ... none I 've ever heard of , Mister Rob , ' Billy confessed .
tr	O	No wonder Kat loves this kid .
tr	O	I couldn 't get home .
te	O	Liam 's facing away as he stands at the railing , looking toward the parking lot .
tr	O	I know you deserved to hear me tell you all of this in person , but it 's better this way .
tr	O	She loved American expressions .
tr	O	But I can 't try yet .
tr	O	The garden flashed in his head .
tr	O	Hal leaned forward and started the car . '
tr	O	He raised his voice above a more subdued range of protests .
te	O	I was determined to pass on my first attempt .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	O	She gestures to the screen .
tr	O	With a groan and a sense of guilt , she threw back the covers and swung her legs over the edge of the bed .
tr	O	Perhaps the wrong one .
te	O	But no one knows your cases as well as you do .
tr	O	She hands me the microphone .
tr	O	He capped the vial and set it in his hand-held machine .
tr	O	Her father would be in last-minute meetings and reviewing his speech , but Madeline would be inside .
tr	O	Those things won 't get hold of you again as long as I 'm around .
tr	O	The engine whined to a start as Crowe strode swiftly toward the aircraft .
tr	O	That was the problem , really .
tr	O	Everywhere his hand touched her skin bloomed to life , tremors of pleasure following the warmth of his fingers .
tr	O	He reached through the Raven Talisman , searching ... and there he was .
tr	O	Fury zipped his jacket up .
tr	O	Something sharp had worked its way up through the soles of my Doc Martens and wedged up between the toes of my right foot .
tr	O	When he had heard the sharp explosions the day before , he had recognized them as bromides , the unexplained accompaniments of coming earthquakes .
tr	O	' But I can 't take this public without a paint job . '
tr	O	The only other alarming feature is his eyes .
va	O	You must love yourself , for nobody else will .
tr	O	Stefan looked at Matt and smiled wryly .
va	O	It was a good question .
tr	O	I folded my arms across my chest .
tr	O	He turned to us .
tr	O	But someone has to make the first move .
tr	O	He looked up at us and smiled even bigger .
tr	O	But from this position , it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	He could smell himself charring like so many of the victims he had enjoyed torturing .
va	O	As much as he hated it , it was time to retreat .
tr	O	He couldn 't go on like this anymore .
tr	O	Birds were singing in the trees and they occasionally disturbed a squirrel or rabbit .
tr	O	I made the mistake of bringing my eyes to his and he was staring at me again .
tr	O	That was Eva 's part of the story to tell - not mine .
tr	O	He passed me this thing and I took it .
tr	O	He shouted so loudly , she cringed .
tr	O	I asked , changing the subject before we got into treaties that were good as long as the sun shone and the rivers ran .
tr	O	She heard a tortured growl .
tr	O	On the task of leaving to the Still Blue .
tr	O	Chris was not comforted by his apparent friendliness .
tr	O	Claire had split up to go into the Baby Gap , a store that gave her cold chills .
tr	O	I closed my eyes .
tr	O	And what time was it ?
tr	O	Very well , let 's start with Pink Teddy Designs .
tr	O	I was lenient then , gentle and forgiving of your crimes .
tr	O	' This arrived by carrier pigeon several minutes ago . '
tr	O	She could feel the anger boiling inside her .
tr	O	Rage swept through her .
tr	O	As soon as Megan left the living room , the silence seemed louder than any words they might have said .
tr	O	Ben looked like he didn 't even want to know the next part .
tr	O	She liked the way Lise fixed her hair the other day and thought that maybe she should start curling her hair more often .
tr	O	Susan stopped eating her yogurt and looked down at her lap in silence .
tr	O	When he realised Briggs was the only one who could help him , the tables turned and he was protected .
tr	O	I was the Thorn Queen and the Thorn Land both .
tr	O	It worked well enough .
tr	O	But the demons from that actual night still remain safely locked in their steel trap , which I am grateful for .
tr	O	He saw stars and went limp .
va	O	Certainly the startling white paint and the multi-colored flowerbeds were never a part of the original experience .
va	O	I look around for the weapon I dropped when he hit me , it has been swallowed by the gloom .
tr	O	No one could tell Gabriel what they had learned , and without proof , it was pointless anyway .
va	O	They have to do the initial urinalysis .
tr	O	We would be fine .
tr	O	What did I know about Annette 's work with Frist and Company ?
tr	O	She walked up the set of steps to her left and Colton followed .
tr	O	Her voice higher than usual , she flicked her auburn hair out of her face .
tr	O	I was slightly plain and my habits were far enough outside what was considered normal , that I was never in a position to learn differently .
tr	O	I felt lost and confused , maybe even slightly dazed .
tr	O	It was a man 's refuge , devoid of a woman 's touch , and Tess said so .
te	O	I say , and turn back to the window .
tr	O	Just , you 've really bowled him over .
tr	O	I asked as we continued up the steps .
tr	O	My mother came forward and took Snowball in her arms .
tr	O	The conductor pried his arm away .
te	O	He went back to the date on the first message Gershwin and Duvall had responded to .
tr	O	The mounting questions forced her to turn her imagination elsewhere , though it did her little good .
tr	O	It was pathetic , really .
tr	O	Some national publicity wouldn 't hurt either one of their careers either .
va	O	Regardless of the way Kayla had been conceived , he couldn 't simply go on as if he didn 't know he had a daughter .
tr	O	But to Sam 's suspicious ears it reeked of wanting to keep an eye on them .
tr	O	Jordan stared up at her , laying a palm atop the lead surface .
tr	O	Despite her best intentions , she found herself becoming irritated by his taunting tone .
tr	O	A breath of a dip by the plate with the stone .
tr	O	' I was so bored on that trip , I must 've driven you crazy . '
tr	O	He took my hand and traced the veins in my hands with his fingertips and he raised his eyes to look at me .
tr	O	Simon looked away , flushed with embarrassment .
te	O	He 'd removed is hat to reveal hair that was shorter than his brother 's , but equally as gray .
tr	O	He 'd made a fortune selling them on eBay .
tr	O	The boy was finally understanding that he no longer had the support that had always guarded his back .
tr	O	Two soldiers were standing on the stairs protecting the entrance .
tr	O	Now that he was gone , they were adrift .
tr	O	I shook my head as my thoughts went on repeat .
tr	O	But , eventually , he would have to produce an heir .
tr	O	She tried not to end up a puddle of the floor .
tr	O	The moon had already become visible against the fading blue of dusk .
tr	O	' But I am delighted that you made it .
tr	O	They were loading the boat when she got there .
tr	O	We 're getting married and staying married .
te	O	But how are we supposed to attend ?
tr	O	It is composed of atoms of metal and various other things .
tr	O	Now do you understand why you must not ever think to break the curse ?
tr	O	Then he opens his fist .
tr	O	And he was saying he was the head of the family now .
tr	O	The woman who turned to face us looked as if she were my age .
va	O	The room will fill up as the morning goes on , and Henry prefers to get his visits over with earlier rather than later .
tr	O	It was about twelve years old , upholstered in an attractive creamy beige material with a slightly raised pattern , purchased from Argos .
tr	O	The sting of what he 'd done , binding me to the Thorn Land , still itched within me .
te	O	What did that even mean ?
va	O	I 'd come to talk to her so very easily but this weekend was different , she was such a close friend of Sarah .
tr	O	I refuse to spill anything further .
tr	O	I could also see the price tag and that it was more than my meager budget could afford .
tr	O	With high powered night vision binoculars , the prone body of Professor Barclay was clearly visible on the floor of his apartment .
te	O	Tears were nothing more than a weapon in a woman 's arsenal .
tr	O	Behind Jake , Angela saw Tabitha frown slightly - which in turn unsettled her a little .
tr	O	He didn 't want to kill the man who had no ability to stop himself .
tr	O	Some of the candidates stood motionless , mocking those that fled .
tr	O	My little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but I envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
te	O	Here among the trees and grass , with the street sounds muted , he breathed a little easier .
va	O	She pulled it on and tied the sash into a loose knot .
tr	O	At first he thought it was tension , and then he realized that the air was thinner .
va	O	Tick sprinted for home .
tr	O	I tilted the map in his direction .
tr	O	Nothing less would satisfy him .
tr	O	Your ability to purchase the goods the future offered relied entirely on this number .
tr	O	I first noticed it when I went to the doctor .
tr	O	He had a knit hat pulled low over his eyes and thick gloves covering his fingers .
tr	O	Mark , the quiet guy who drove us to Tommy 's house the other night , stands behind the counter and greets us with a grin .
va	O	Now there was just the red glow of the space heaters above them .
tr	O	She squinted her eyes in concentration .
tr	O	Far in the distance , a tidal wave of white lava spews from the ground , rapidly closing the distance to the battleground .
tr	O	People stuck in their cars got out and ran in terror towards them , then past them while looking strangely back at them .
tr	O	He hits a bump and his last word is garbled with an oof sound when his disc smacks back down .
te	O	Finally , I asked the question that I was afraid I already knew the answer to .
va	O	That none of this is happening .
tr	O	The car 's hood had crumpled completely against the SUV 's bumper , shattering the windshield and deploying the air bag .
tr	O	I shot him a quelling glance .
tr	O	You will live here , like this .
tr	O	I had my camera .
tr	O	It is so hopeless .
tr	O	The ship begins to move around the Earth .
tr	O	Finally he looked at her .
tr	O	But why write about him ?
va	O	A fight broke out on the corner , and Kelsey whimpered .
tr	O	' Because someone told him that a girl had fainted ?
tr	O	He aimed it at my face .
tr	O	Jake pointed towards a huge gate .
tr	O	Upon the ceiling were paintings of glorious episodes depicted by a great artist .
tr	O	It happens on holiday weekends .
tr	O	Even though she was yelling , he could barely hear her .
tr	O	And boy is it working , I think as I watch the guys crowd in even further .
va	O	She 'd be extra kind and make him breakfast before kicking him to the curb .
tr	O	They rode two to a horse .
tr	O	That was par for course in the Ashland underworld .
tr	O	I bit my lip , wondering whether I should use Renee and Charlie as an excuse again .
tr	O	' Can you imagine Bambi Richards doing this ? '
tr	O	She felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand as she stretched her neck up anticipating his warm soft lips touching her .
tr	O	I can 't access his dreams or his fantasies or his desires .
tr	O	The tension in the room slowly drifted to a low purr .
tr	O	He had endured the center of the earth , hadn 't he ?
va	O	But still she didn 't pull away .
tr	O	Daren traveled the country ; demonstrating innovative , new medical equipment and could set up residence anywhere .
tr	O	From some of the stuff I 've read , I 've come to think it 's better if most people do think of this stuff as myth .
tr	O	Had he really seen what he thought he had just seen ?
te	O	Rush loved her enough to want a commitment from her but not enough to make her his wife .
tr	O	I hit the dial button on my prepaid cell , and the connection trills four times before going to voicemail .
va	O	He gave a faint smile .
te	O	Abby decreed as she slowly unwrapped the bandage on Rick 's shoulder .
tr	O	She nodded with a feeble thanks and he helped himself out of the house .
tr	O	Nicolas lay awake just watching over her .
tr	O	It was odd to talk about boys , but this was my mother , and I didn 't know much of her life before she died .
tr	O	Each tray is a body , an elderly withering gray headed female .
tr	O	He turned left down the hallway to a door directly ahead .
tr	O	He tilted his head to look at me .
te	O	How am I supposed to get through the week ?
tr	O	I supposed it was natural and would fade over time , hopefully sooner rather than later .
tr	O	Finally he just turned away .
tr	O	He raced back down to the kitchen and shone his torch into the garden directly below the second bedroom window .
tr	O	Well , the local population certainly didn , t agree .
tr	O	What do you have to lose ?
tr	O	Carol proceeded to fill Jerry in on what had happened to both Brian and Clair as a result of their office visits with Dr. Donovan .
tr	O	The explosion was so big ; and you caught the brunt of it .
tr	O	I turned the key and opened the door .
tr	O	Someone who 'll get off their butts and get busy ?
tr	O	Canton moved behind the bar and picked up a bottle of Glenlivet and grabbed a clean glass .
tr	O	It was right about then that the enormity of what I 'd done hit me .
te	O	It wasn 't her life she was concerned with .
va	O	Mines hurt , but she needed some high-dollar points .
tr	O	I thrust the parcel back into his hands .
tr	O	I have no idea .
tr	O	What would he do now ?
te	O	Several minutes later , my window slides up and I hear him making his way inside .
tr	O	First things first : stealing breakfast .
va	O	He has pride and prejudice in equal measure , but they only serve to make him stronger .
tr	O	' Why the change ? '
tr	O	Healers went around between the mats checking on the patients .
tr	O	I inched around the sink , toward the door .
tr	O	Maybe not for long , though .
te	O	Those words meant something different to Riley than to her , and she didn 't seem about to elaborate .
tr	O	The hogs were still willing , and so was he .
tr	O	He kissed her cheek on his way to the chamber pot and screen in the corner .
te	O	My grandfather stood in the doorway .
tr	O	Once , she told him she heard that the two Americans had left , along with everyone else , to go to Dublin .
tr	O	Stevenson and I were ambushed by a group of ruffians , and though now I am safe it was a bit unexpected .
va	O	So that 's where it comes from , she thought .
va	O	The closer I draw to the quay , the louder the sound of fighting becomes .
te	O	Still , it was an awful lot of work -- months of rehearsals and scripts and choreography .
tr	O	However , her honor could not allow it .
tr	O	They took care of property , not people .
tr	O	She 'd thought she 'd awaken this morning in Liam 's arms .
tr	O	They 'd made promises that day .
tr	O	I did not trust Dan to be with my best friend .
tr	O	She curled up next to him and tried to sleep , knowing that something had to change before she went mad .
tr	O	I had hope , but it was very small .
tr	O	When he slid fully home , she closed her eyes and thought ... at last .
va	O	There she remained for what could be described as several more human moments , completely fixated on her mortal remains .
tr	O	You decided to become a part of this the very day you joined the band of the fox .
tr	O	-- brought out the convulsions of laughter from her -- I 'm not going that for back in the time .
va	O	Thankfully , she didn 't .
tr	O	But I didn 't think he 'd been working against everything the Keepers represent , which is to protect humanity , not destroy it .
tr	O	the zealot said in a raspy whisper .
tr	O	No , he delivered and he delivered right away .
tr	O	With my pack scattered to the four winds ?
tr	O	She preferred to see where this was going .
tr	O	She moaned , and her fingers sank into the length of his dark black hair .
tr	O	I squint my eyes , searching for truth or lies in his blue eyes .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	Taking a deeper breath than necessary , I took the few deliberate steps that carried me to the counter .
tr	O	But that 's not true .
tr	O	Bod quite liked crows .
tr	O	As the cheers died and Ewan returned inside with the babe , the clansmen went back to their duties .
tr	O	Rob 's probably dead right now .
tr	O	Same large build from years of football and lacrosse .
tr	O	Help someone find a lost dog .
tr	O	His voice was mocking and sarcastic .
tr	O	The moans I could feel vibrating in his neck that had escaped in the back of his throat fueled me to continue .
tr	O	The officer frowned deeply .
tr	O	They had taken some shelter under one of the few windswept trees that dotted the plains , and waited for her father and the clan to return .
va	O	Gradually , the fragments of my soul sprang back to the center as if drawn thereby some sort of spiritual gravity .
va	O	He was an affectionate father , and an indulgent one .
tr	O	Maurice slid something into Reginald 's hand .
te	O	But they were always far , far away from where they had lived originally .
tr	O	I had hours invested in Michael .
tr	O	I can 't send a search party out after dark poking around not knowing anything about the area and who were dealing with .
tr	O	The crack continued to widen .
tr	O	She knew the moment her mind brushed his by the sudden intake of his breath .
tr	O	James and Sarge had talked that night about what having a wife meant .
tr	O	He barely opens his eyes , gives me a slight smile and buries his face in the pil ow again .
tr	O	He pressed his mouth close to the man 's ear .
tr	O	And I just sat there .
tr	O	McKie entered the village through a break in the thorn fence .
tr	O	If anything , she tasted even better than the memories .
tr	O	the ranger who headed the group finished for her , his jaw set grimly .
tr	O	Zombie Cowboys were the new age of adventurers .
tr	O	I came at Victoria 's behest .
tr	O	She wanted to replay their experience when they shared a bed .
tr	O	My father is not living and dying with his team .
tr	O	Yes , the money was received in their U.S. Bank Account and had been transferred again to accounts in the West Indies .
tr	O	For her children 's sake she 'd kept in touch with Grant 's mother and his younger sister , Robin .
tr	O	The wind howled , rattling the apartment windows as it blew .
tr	O	Sunlight dappled through brilliant sapphire curtains covering the large window on the far wall .
te	O	Theirs were nice looking instruments , but nowhere near as beautiful as hers .
tr	O	He stepped in the opposite direction .
tr	O	AJ came into the room upset .
va	O	We are 99.99 % compatible with this race .
tr	O	No one had heard anything except the shots .
tr	O	I looked back , watching the base disappear until it was only a speck off in the distance .
tr	O	Elliott had escaped from their uncle , and here she was , alone with this stranger who used to be her father .
tr	O	And she loved her family , even if it was the weirdest , most eccentric family in the universe .
tr	O	And she could reason out which small events needed nudging in one direction or another , to create a cascade of events .
tr	O	I should 've waited .
tr	O	But Elijah is a character in my book .
tr	O	And her brother Nate .
te	O	We left the car there and exited the garage onto 11th Street , turning left toward Pennsylvania Avenue .
tr	O	She deliberately referred to her childhood , the one happy bridge they had between them .
va	O	Micah didn 't answer .
tr	O	She was getting too full of herself .
tr	O	He looked up at me .
tr	O	When they approached the first residence , they could see an Aug peering out from behind a curtain .
va	O	But for all the charm Lori thinks I have ( and I used to think I had ) , I 've got nothing to say .
tr	O	Allie snapped her eyes to Squirrel .
tr	O	Sliding one finger under the lace he tugged it down , his lips following the path his finger took .
te	O	She would have to be more careful in the future .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes and stood up to admire herself in the mirror .
tr	O	The trees bordering the main driveway looked absolutely splendid in the last rays of sunlight with long shadows creeping across the rough ground .
tr	O	His eyes widen in surprise , but I reach out and pull the leather from his thigh .
tr	O	I exhaled , and then caught my breath again .
tr	O	A total of only nine hits .
tr	O	Angelina did as she was told and followed Balfour through the oval door .
tr	O	I 'll give you one day .
tr	O	He walked over to me and leaned in , sniffing me .
tr	O	Obviously Beaming Bonnie is too busy pretending to write a book .
tr	O	Dusk had blanketed the mountains and the chill had deepened .
tr	O	He hung a right .
tr	O	Couldn 't he see it was tearing her apart just being in the same room with him and knowing they could never have a future together ?
tr	O	She wasn 't afraid of heights in particular , but who wouldn 't be apprehensive , standing atop the wall , looking down at her doom ?
tr	O	Lisa pictured those dark hills , imagining the same shadow penetrating deep underground , leaving no life in its wake as it slowly rolled across the landscape .
tr	O	It 's like when Mom spends hours making sure each weed has been plucked from her vegetable garden .
te	O	Vague would be better .
tr	O	From the exterior she silently searched the rooms for him .
tr	O	The chronometer on my wrist changed that .
te	O	Hopefully , he had run off in the woods behind the station because they would have him in no time .
va	O	But this darkness cannot be overcome until you attend to your own faith .
te	O	The owner is straightforward .
tr	O	As she peered deeper , he winced and glanced her way .
tr	O	Inside the room , a large cell held a prisoner .
tr	O	I took another sip of wine and I could tell that I was starting to feel light-headed .
tr	O	Where was her anger coming from ?
va	O	If they already know it , then at least you 've done your civic duty .
tr	O	Smudge prefered a ride in a boat with a family member more than any other mode of transportation .
tr	O	The machine started expelling a long ribbon of tickets , which joined other strips of tickets coiled at his feet .
tr	O	The one I wanted .
tr	O	Finally the girls and Janice emerged with the visitor dressed in Lavina 's clothes and using Cathy 's crutches to move around .
te	O	Introverts ' Corner was a concept the duo had often discussed , usually after one had been waiting for the other to turn up to the pub .
tr	O	I had the sudden urge to snatch it from her .
va	O	She was so furious and hurt she couldn 't see straight .
tr	O	The blonde scanned the room , her eyes going right through Franz as if he didn 't exist .
tr	O	Even Renny had used the term a snake wrapped around the tree of life to describe the triple helix .
tr	O	The damned ship was not going to respond to his doubts .
tr	O	The twelve was in a pretty good position .
tr	O	He shook his head and leaned over her to scoop her into his arms and up the stairs .
tr	O	Ty 's gun was still in his left hand , though he 'd laid the shotgun down next to Deuce .
tr	O	After the heavy rain of the morning , the ground was soggy .
va	O	His hold eased on her .
tr	O	We were night and day .
te	O	His words made me flush .
tr	O	He tried to resist .
tr	O	Of course it isn 't .
te	O	The last thing I want is to turn into death ; into a Reaper .
tr	O	rang out the voice of a little child .
tr	O	He shifted us around so I was facing the rest of the coven .
tr	O	He was trying to be a good dog owner .
tr	O	Mrs Adcock 's face broke into a deep scowl .
va	O	I hadn 't had a real dream for years .
tr	O	The cabin was configured for luxury , not some mundane utilitarian role .
tr	O	He shared a sneaky smile .
tr	O	He pointed to the backdrop .
tr	O	A loud groan vibrated on the skin of her earlobe .
va	O	She thought of Charlotte then .
tr	O	His slow inspection head to toe of me while licking his lips should be considered disgusting even if I liked it .
tr	O	He never does when they do this .
tr	O	she asked , thinking of the picture on her cell phone .
tr	O	Want me to leave the door up for you ?
tr	O	He looked over and finally smiled .
tr	O	Suddenly , he jolted awake .
tr	O	The corners of her eyes crinkle as she giggles .
tr	O	Mr Butterfield gestured for the two men to sit down .
tr	O	Meredith sat down on the edge of the couch and flicked the tassels on one of the pillows .
tr	O	She glanced at her watch and realized that Nikki and Brianna were probably out on their normal Saturday morning run along the river .
tr	O	I decided to take a long nap , hopefully all the way to Las Vegas .
tr	O	The stag stands on his high hill , his deep brown eyes sweeping the territory before him , ready to ward off any intruder .
tr	O	We went to the driveway and I got into the driver 's seat of Nick 's car .
tr	O	Maybe I 'll send him a copy in the mail .
tr	O	Evidently from his expression the Mark Twain understood his thoughts .
tr	O	But I get that you want to do it yourself .
tr	O	When it comes to things of a spiritual nature , God always seems to allow the blindness of self-deception to take hold .
tr	O	The click of the bedroom door shutting reached Della 's ears , but it somehow sounded different .
tr	O	Levi tells me you two aren 't going to be rushing into a formal wedding .
tr	O	He shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from grabbing and kissing her .
va	O	He managed to slip off one when I pulled my legs away .
tr	O	He 'd stared at her so much tonight he 'd probably missed half the show .
tr	O	I 'd had to beg to get a refill for him , since it was a full day too early .
tr	O	It was his finest moment .
tr	O	She 'd never lost her devotion to him , and I was forcing her to split her loyalties .
tr	O	I done it special for you .
va	O	No one came to his aid .
te	O	I wasn 't prepared for what happened next .
tr	O	Rema stood at the top of a steep staircase .
va	O	This time , it was the bins again .
tr	O	Other writers who have amazed my senses and influenced me to be a better writer .
tr	O	The guard 's expression said he knew whom Brennan was referring to .
tr	O	She needed to get out of here .
tr	O	At the door , I turned and kissed Gabrielle again .
tr	O	I quickly texted back .
tr	O	The name of the restaurant wasn 't lit up in bold neon colors .
te	O	Samantha shook her head .
tr	O	The Simon I 'd seen at the window of Adam 's shack could very well be running around the swamp on four paws .
tr	O	She was grinning at me , and I could tell she was happy to see I had a sentimental side .
tr	O	Yuri felt a knot between his shoulder blades ease .
tr	O	I shine my cell phone into the dumpster behind the Italian restaurant .
te	O	He went over to the bed and switched on the bedside lamp .
te	O	As I climbed the outside stairs to the second floor , I could hear music coming from Cole 's condo .
tr	O	he called from the kitchen .
tr	O	They were rested as well as could be expected .
tr	O	My mouth is agape as my mind whirls in lopsided circles , struggling to make sense of what my eyes are seeing .
tr	O	Everything goes back to property , he said .
tr	O	I stopped at the mirror and placed them on a small bench .
tr	O	He pulled me off the stool and walked me to the comfy seating area .
tr	O	He took a step forward .
tr	O	Panicked , Danny drew water deep into his lungs as he went down .
va	O	Please keep your hands to yourself in my home .
va	O	The thought sent a fresh wave of cold terror down her spine .
tr	O	What if they left the path ?
tr	O	asked Ryan , not really wanting to know the answer .
tr	O	But for now this must not engulf you .
tr	O	Then they 'd have to let me go .
te	O	It is full of lunatics throwing bottles .
tr	O	' It 'll be worth it ! '
tr	O	It was his nightmare come true .
va	O	Jack 's car was there and there was a red BMW convertible -- but her Honda Civic was gone .
tr	O	But the jab was well deserved .
va	O	To make a vow is the same as making a commitment to fulfill one 's responsibility .
tr	O	I 'm stunned , my arms loose on my lap , my mouth hanging open .
tr	O	He knew that because he watched for her from the barn .
va	O	I know what you said , idiot .
te	O	I began swinging grandpa 's watch like a lasso .
tr	O	I winced as I began to walk out of the office .
tr	O	Feeling a little shaken from the experience , I decided to start a fire in the fireplace to warm things up .
va	O	I had a pair that were pink , but I 'd forgotten them at home .
tr	O	You 're quite sound .
tr	O	One of the most interesting men I met was Robert Schiffer , head of makeup at Disney Studios .
tr	O	gasped Helen , on the way to the restaurant door , pushing it open with both hands .
tr	O	That did seem better for flirting .
tr	O	TJ stared at him in shock .
tr	O	She tore at his hair as he swooped on her breasts .
te	O	Layla adjusted the shawl self-consciously .
tr	O	Jericho nudged my side gently with his elbow .
tr	O	Keller had meant that she and Galen could study the scrolls separately that night .
te	O	Back in our room , I threw Op Nine on the bed and pulled the covers up to his chin .
tr	O	Annie asked , as if this were beyond imagining .
tr	O	A mist hung in the air ; soft stars welcomed the coming night .
tr	O	We can assume and I did assume that was where Rome and Rei set down as well .
tr	O	said Zack , sounding hurt , and looking towards Fintan .
tr	O	She looked infinitely fragile .
tr	O	But somehow , frickin ' scary too .
tr	O	Joan growled like a caged animal .
tr	O	She only told Beth positive things .
tr	O	She has even mastered a protectionist light similar to yours .
tr	O	She could write some interesting term papers , for sure .
tr	O	She put the glass on the mantelpiece to cool and knelt beside her stepfather .
tr	O	' Suicide , ' said Dexter , shaking his head sadly .
tr	O	His thick biceps rippled , sending a wave along his textured skin .
tr	O	A great white ball crashed into her , and pain exploded on her side as she hit the ground .
tr	O	As she stood , she discovered that the group was no longer alone .
tr	O	' How would you like us to be organized , sir ? '
tr	O	He 'd just mentioned her best friend , hadn 't he ?
tr	O	Eleanor remembered the heady power she 'd felt when turning his teasing back on him .
tr	O	He 'd probably show up in a clown costume the next morning and juggle bowling pins for me .
tr	O	I said , blinking hard at Jules 's nightshirt .
tr	O	And glorious that day would be .
tr	O	I 'm an official Elite now ; I should be able to tell the Daggers everything .
tr	O	She reached out then , and put her hand on his cheek .
tr	O	The gunslinger did not believe he was harmless .
tr	O	I wondered to myself if he knew about Libby and the baby , but I wasn 't about to bring up the subject .
tr	O	Sol 505 if he takes his time .
tr	O	Whoever had beaten her had done a damn fine job .
tr	O	Even in her weakened state , he can see she 's a quite elegant and beautiful woman .
tr	O	Her physical and emotional health was fragile and growing more so all the time .
tr	O	But she says this with such flirtatious overtones that I can hardly wait to return to the past .
tr	O	Chapter 34 I try to pay attention to Maureen 's lesson , but my mind keeps drifting back to my mom and Anthony .
tr	O	In front of her .
tr	O	Even with lenses carefully designed to keep from fogging , the moisture constantly built up .
tr	O	And now I 'm walking right behind him as he enters the conference room .
te	O	I ask , despite a strong need to not exert myself in any way .
te	O	She shifted her eyes to me .
tr	O	She was scrawny and scared and looked like she hadn 't slept in a week .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed in a flash of anger .
tr	O	At least it is a Monday and not the weekend when there would have been little chance of pulling off this job .
te	O	No one seemed to be looking at Cain 's chest .
tr	O	Then he fell on his back with his blank eyes staring at the sky .
tr	O	That much is clear .
tr	O	I was willing to bet her family was used to living on tiptoe , perhaps even quite unaware they were doing so .
tr	O	The contrast between heated sunshine and cool shadow , frantic noise and a certain peace , made me dizzy .
tr	O	The Sentinels know my family .
tr	O	Mr. Clark was stepping to the podium and adjusting the microphone .
tr	O	Patton French had ordered a meeting of the steering committee , a logistical impossibility that took a month to put together .
tr	O	I can 't believe you let her talk you into that .
tr	O	Riley stood and peered over the crowd , searching for his son .
tr	O	Once again , he felt a touch on his arm , and then what felt like a hand , a firm hand , against his back .
tr	O	They 're coming to Solace in plain view to anyone magic , or with access to a Reader , and riding as light as a feather .
tr	O	We had just started a game of ' Roach Invaders ' when there was a knock at the door .
tr	O	Maddie , also partaking of the coffee , ate little .
tr	O	He pulled himself together coming back to his normal condition and it took a minute .
tr	O	Joey 's young , squeaky voice startled her back to Quentin 's home , where she had been led into a small room lined with book shelves .
tr	O	I grimaced at him , and he responded with a crooked smile .
tr	O	Little Miss wondered why her father was sidestepping the issue like that .
tr	O	He moved his hips , nudging her cl * t through the soft fabric of their dress pants .
tr	O	I was scared that you would forever resent me for getting you pregnant .
tr	O	Jeff and Peter had gone through their previous reports and were now asking other questions which she had to research to get the answers .
tr	O	Alice seems surprised to find the baby still there , as though Patsy should have tucked herself in long ago .
tr	O	The walls around him appeared to be one thick solid mass , smooth and unbroken except for the hole , high above .
tr	O	She was edging around the table towards the door , trying to keep as far away from me as possible .
tr	O	Without really thinking , I curled my fingers around his .
va	O	They splashed on across the ford .
tr	O	I will not be inclined tolerate any of it .
tr	O	Shit , if I can do all that , why don 't I just wish us off this rock ?
tr	O	There was a mud smear on the bottom of his left trouser leg .
tr	O	It would be so easy .
te	O	The warning only seemed to make Ser Maynard more interesting to Egg .
tr	O	When they arrived , she unlocked the door and Ken and Cassandra started helping her with the bags .
tr	O	He lay quietly thinking , still holding her , until he drifted off to sleep himself much later .
tr	O	I patted my head to make sure my knit hat was still in place and adjusted my scarf to cover most of my face .
tr	O	Over the years it had served him well , but right now he wished he knew exactly what was coming .
te	O	I resent the fact that you think I don 't understand them .
tr	O	Your sentence may be reduced !
tr	O	He kissed her back and ran his hands up and down her back .
tr	O	Concern about a dwindling clergy also grew as the Roman Catholic Church continued to exclude married priests and women .
tr	O	They floated to their respective offices .
tr	O	Physically , he could break the hold without effort .
tr	O	Even if she hadn 't identified herself , he would have recognized that voice .
tr	O	I have to remind myself forcibly that I 've never been here .
tr	O	Shouts rise and fall around me , some closer , others much farther away .
tr	O	They watched as the rider approached , dressed in a strange black suit and with a helmet covering his face .
te	O	Aeron had resisted the gods ' dark task at first .
tr	O	This was a loss grown old and dull , like a knife left out in the rain .
te	O	I work with several big hospitals across Georgia and North Carolina .
tr	O	Inside the mirrored ring Sye saw their bobbing guide .
tr	O	She wouldn 't kill thousands of people .
te	O	They don 't have to ; they can use standing water to watch me .
tr	O	She tilted her head back to look at him , her entire body tense and expectant , like a bird prepared to take flight .
tr	O	You guys get to do it .
tr	O	It made him involuntarily cringe just a bit .
tr	O	It was there in his mind .
tr	O	He hit the narrow path on his back , scattering the contents of his pack .
tr	O	But they weren 't as fun .
va	O	Now right after Jericho we came to the village where we 'd left our cousin Elizabeth and Little John .
tr	O	As a privately held company , Brannigan 's profits were not a matter of public record .
tr	O	She was able to control the game , moving forwards and backwards the play and replay various highlights .
tr	O	That 's how he had been at that age , indestructible .
tr	O	I waved my hand dismissively .
va	O	Like I was going to say no ?
tr	O	It was not entirely an order .
tr	O	Marjorie agreed meekly to another cup of tea and perhaps a little taste of fruit cake .
va	O	So he refused his father 's offer and remained at the public school , remained beneath her and her sons , remained where she wanted him .
tr	O	He couldn 't imagine the pain he would have inflicted had he been forced to rub that stuff in Raymond 's face .
tr	O	Besides , I noticed that just before the men ran to the door , you dropped the rope and ran from them , with some other men .
tr	O	His body was on edge from all the commotion with his youngest daughter missing .
va	O	The flame tattoo made his eyes seem to glow as he tugged once , clearly , with definite force , and then again .
te	O	I hear him climb over the seat .
tr	O	Her voice sounded very far away .
tr	O	It would have to do .
te	O	She decided she quite liked kissing .
tr	O	I know I did say ' relax , ' but I began to think that you had actually fallen unconscious for a while there ! '
tr	O	he shouted back over his shoulder .
tr	O	My dad had screwed things up for me once again .
va	O	A smile appeared on Roberto 's face .
tr	O	It would probably take the rest of the day to check out one of them .
tr	O	Joni 's smile turned serious .
tr	O	The only people in it seem to be us .
tr	O	* * * I wobbled to my feet , head throbbing where the dresser had hit me .
tr	O	The news sang on .
tr	O	It was so unusual of him to approach me like that so I asked him why .
tr	O	Don 't let me down .
tr	O	The quarterback position held a certain status at our school , but he was in no position to take advantage of it .
tr	O	His breath caught in his throat as he stood behind her .
tr	O	We expected to find a redundant backup somewhere .
tr	O	He stood and gave me a hug .
va	O	But a faint blue flicker of light in the distance snared his attention making him once more reconsider what was happening .
tr	O	Apparently Chad resolved to kill me himself , but I decided not to go meekly to the slaughter .
tr	O	I fell stomach first onto the bed and didn 't move until the sun was high along the bright blue sky .
tr	O	Gabriel undressed me slowly , carefully .
te	O	You can move at any time now , but it 's been two years .
tr	O	The smoke will have to rise up to get over our barrier , and that would get it up quite a bit higher .
tr	O	How will I tell him about the Inquisition ?
tr	O	He was pleasantly surprised .
tr	O	Aiden told me about the T-shirt .
tr	O	You know what he 's really like .
tr	O	The jet was one part of the weekend he 'd mapped out for Julia in Vegas .
tr	O	He was having a hard time keeping up with us , but that was a good thing .
tr	O	But the moment she wanted the stream to stop , it stopped .
tr	O	I want to have a tribe of others like me , however I might be .
va	O	She uses the rest of her will to execute a flying leap through the opening .
va	O	I knew the answer was more for Alan than me , and Alan began to calm down .
tr	O	He shook it by his ear .
tr	O	Then that last night , I lost my temper , shouted at him , and we fought .
tr	O	She had refused to leave her house or to see anyone .
te	O	The woman closed her mouth .
tr	O	We heaved the bodies of the dead men out and stepped inside the lift .
tr	O	An elderly woman walked into the kitchen through the back door .
tr	O	Jess did come out way ahead when they compared cognitive abilities , and the prospect of him ever leaving her no longer was an issue .
tr	O	I 'm not asking your permission .
tr	O	He pushed back from the car and lumbered around the hood toward her .
tr	O	He 'd looked pleased , but her ex had consistently told her he 'd gotten better bl * w j * bs from a doll than her .
tr	O	I didn 't go to Olympia to steal him from you .
va	O	He tried to come up with a response .
va	O	Harvey rummaged in cupboards as Stanley cooked , and found plates and cups and silverware .
tr	O	Of course he 'd have it !
tr	O	This was Declan though .
tr	O	Sure , a fan could slip underneath one of the busses , but we were in a segregated parking lot on venue property .
tr	O	Knowing that Mike would do his best to convince her she 'd misinterpreted it , however , she kept her answer vague .
te	O	She pushed me into a doorway ; heat emanated from inside it .
te	O	His actions didn 't recommend him as a volunteer , but I thought I understood why he wanted to fight .
tr	O	Then he had this chronic sinus problem .
te	O	When he tore his shirt off over his head , she was thrilled to have even more expanse of tanned skin to explore .
tr	O	She yelped , and pulled her hand back .
tr	O	The Jace who had worn her Jace 's skin and face but had been someone else entirely .
te	O	Maybe her father had lost his mind .
te	O	I guess I can see because of the armor I ´ ve got on .
tr	O	Yet he was going nowhere .
tr	O	Soon my words blur into whispered promises .
tr	O	Deckard shook with anger and let out a barking laugh .
tr	O	He didn 't know what he would do with all these stories .
tr	O	I have no single destination in mind , although Renaissance is high on my list .
tr	O	The guard nodded and stepped away from the car .
te	O	Bryan entered the room and sat beside his wife .
tr	O	The girl starts to sing softly to herself .
tr	O	The rain was starting to paste Isabelle 's black hair to her neck .
te	O	It was everywhere she went .
tr	O	I picked up the missing glove , pulling it over my fingers .
tr	O	From the corner of my eye , I saw both Felix and Jane grimace .
tr	O	The news stunned Buddy and he began shutting down in shock .
tr	O	The best word to describe my father is frumpy .
tr	O	He can 't stop us from this .
tr	O	The rivets in this wall are much , much thicker , about the diameter of my palm .
tr	O	Nevertheless , he did think she would treat him differently .
tr	O	During the ceremony , he held Bede 's hand as if she were his own wife .
te	O	No matter how many times she heard it , the story always broke Luna 's heart all over again .
tr	O	It hurt him so much to re-live , but God knew he deserved the pain .
tr	O	And the mutilation of the body did not fit .
tr	O	A small flap of the bag and two tentacles covered the foil .
tr	O	Coombes muttered something under his breath .
va	O	I recognized that I had to give you time .
tr	O	He reckoned he was hiding something underneath that icy exterior of his .
te	O	So instead , her thoughts turned to a tall , gorgeous man who always murdered her in her dreams .
tr	O	He confused her , and she wasn 't easily confused .
tr	O	Kevin always found it easy to adopt new names , as he had been required to do so since the age of 10 .
tr	O	I think her voice sounds familiar .
tr	O	She ´ s cool with me .
tr	O	He raised his fingers in the sign of the ' F ' .
va	O	Maybe they 're right .
te	O	I held my hand out .
va	O	It would be a long three days until her next visit to the doctor .
tr	O	The others will have to huddle together , share their body heat .
tr	O	For eight days I was a captive in that dresser with no way of escape .
tr	O	She stops a couple houses down and that 's when I notice her Lexus .
tr	O	Your car is a perfect virgin .
tr	O	Jane leaned over the side and watched as he typed .
tr	O	Claire was in her last week of school and looking forward to the summer break .
tr	O	Directly in front of him was a stunning view of the Pacific Ocean through the floor-to-ceiling windows .
va	O	I am responsible for it all .
tr	O	Maia sat on the beach at Rockaway , looking out at the water , and shivered .
tr	O	Roger could only see her back if he were to look over .
tr	O	Humans require REM sleep .
tr	O	Tears pooled in Savannah 's eyes when a student in the second row raised her hand up to the sky , head back , eyes closed .
va	O	A huge drone robot advanced and stood in the doorway .
va	O	They seemed particularly prone to stomach upsets followed by spells of dizziness , which was uncomfortable rather than life threatening .
tr	O	His sensors came back online and pinged .
tr	O	Instantly , his head cocked , and his throat , that thick , muscled throat , was offered up to her .
tr	O	Slowly she sank down onto the stool , her legs so weak that she needed the support .
tr	O	Her older sister Catherine was the only person she might claim as an actual friend , and she would have found Sophia 's tears surprising .
tr	O	It rested on top of the ground instead of being built into it .
tr	O	The following Saturday arrived and once again he was off duty so left the camp for freedom .
tr	O	Emelia did not miss the thickness in her voice as she gruffly bossed the maids about .
tr	O	Earth Syndrome miniseries Clean Heart : Pleiadian term .
tr	O	He 's been silent during the entire ten-minute wait .
tr	O	Try as she might , she could not dismiss all she had felt tonight , all she had seen .
tr	O	' You wouldn 't dare touch me .
tr	O	She needed to be on her guard around him .
tr	O	Ms. Terwilliger took the coffee gratefully when we reached a small workroom .
tr	O	No way , she refused to believe that .
tr	O	Michael 's eyes closed and began to flutter back and forth under closed eyelids .
tr	O	I lean toward the nearest one and press my ear against it .
tr	O	Sparks emanated from my palm , followed by an eruption of fire .
te	O	My face had become wrinkled and thin , and whenever I looked in the mirror , the size of my ears never ceased to astonish me .
tr	O	They were also weak , tired and very cold .
tr	O	I 'm not sure where to go from here .
tr	O	Though why I felt the need to be such a bitch around that woman , I couldn 't honestly say .
tr	O	He looked off into the drizzle towards the lake .
tr	O	Or maybe I was the crazy one , because my feet hadn 't moved an inch .
te	O	Let the madness begin .
tr	O	I held my breath as he opened the door .
tr	O	* Claire hurriedly applied blush to her cheeks .
tr	O	The bell above the door jingles as a guy walks in , his overalls clotted with plaster and paint .
tr	O	She was worried and afraid that maybe something had happened to me or that I 'd decided not to come back .
te	O	Then Zoe caught sight of him and scrambled to sit up , a look of pure amazement breaking into a smile of absolute delight .
tr	O	Her outgoing twin , Brittany , sat with fiance Emilio Jefferies .
tr	O	I 'd rocked her world the first time we were together , and I was willing to do it again if she let me .
tr	O	But that was slowly changing .
va	O	Her one hope of finding something real and familiar had been shattered .
tr	O	It felt like your body was in the process of being melted down for scrap .
tr	O	The walkway opened up onto a cozy patio , with another set of French doors leading into what he promised her was their apartment .
te	O	And of course writing in English .
tr	O	He waved me off .
tr	O	We 're still standing in the foyer , but he somehow picks me up effortlessly and sets me down on the stairs leading to the upstairs bedrooms .
tr	O	The room was lavish , boasting intricately designed ceilings and walls covered in gold , with stunning columns at the numerous entrances .
tr	O	In my life I 've had this misfortune befall me on three separate occasions .
tr	O	There is no hunting allowed within two hundred miles .
tr	O	They were climbing to the top of a tower .
tr	O	Without thinking , I pressed a single , light kiss to her lips and pulled back , looking in her eyes once more .
tr	O	But he was losing his distance , his separateness to her power over him , to the sight of his name emblazoned all over her body .
tr	O	A tall , regal faery stepped out into the snow .
tr	O	His head tilts to the side very slightly , as if he is considering something .
tr	O	Instead her eyes fell to the exquisite designs that adorned the walls .
tr	O	We 're taking you to a place of safety -- a real place of safety .
tr	O	The bullets stitched across Julio 's chest driving him to the ground behind the cab .
tr	O	She suspected Steve had tried to contact her on the one-year anniversary of Derek 's death .
tr	O	I scrunched my brows , trying to remember that conversation ; a lot had been said and done that night .
tr	O	When Savannah thought she was ready , I waded in carrying the board , walking beside her .
va	O	Something she should have done a long time ago .
tr	O	Two days they searched the camp , a couple of soldiers following them .
va	O	I remained silent , ran up the stairs and sat in my room quietly to collect my thoughts .
tr	O	As long as everyone was polite , the ball would be fine .
tr	O	Alex stopped short , what was his excuse ?
tr	O	Needing to do something , Billie closed her eyes and focused her thoughts inward .
tr	O	You could smell it in the air , feel it in the weak sunlight that managed to shoulder its way through the clouds .
tr	O	He and his son returned to the house , then tried to explain what happened at the well and in the street to his mom .
tr	O	I focus on my hands .
tr	O	The same spells come to us , over and over again .
tr	O	While his emotions were quiet enough he could think and remember his honor .
tr	O	He wants to give you guys another chance .
tr	O	Zoe strode up to the desk and leaned forward .
tr	O	The pink plastic cover made him feel somewhat feminine .
tr	O	And he certainly didn 't want a puppet , as she had accused him .
tr	O	He joined her until they were both laughing so hard they couldn 't speak .
te	O	But while the laugh reverberated in her throat , her eyes showed innate fear .
tr	O	She swallowed , licked her lips again , then nibbled on the lower one , and he almost groaned .
tr	O	Only , he wasn 't enough to chase away the demons .
tr	O	We never found Jenny .
va	O	' Let 's pack up .
tr	O	Tentatively she stuck out her hand and let him lick it .
tr	O	After handing the dress over to a squealing Vanessa , I notice that Ty 's frowning , so I decide to make an exit .
va	O	Don 't cry , all right ?
tr	O	He would be pissed since I told him no one delivered out here .
tr	O	He used his hands to pile soil over it .
tr	O	Chapter 23 As I neared the boathouse , I thought about reaching for my Stone magic and using it to harden my skin .
te	O	He didn 't like that she 'd left , and he had to fight back a surge of irrational annoyance .
tr	O	She could not make a move on him until that question was answered .
va	O	The older woman snorted .
va	O	They had kept in contact from time to time using email for the last year and a half .
tr	O	Then he put the metal disk on her chest and appeared to be listening .
te	O	Aria backed away from him .
tr	O	No more than five minutes later , a car door shut outside .
tr	O	Spencer took a deep breath .
tr	O	Her emotions took a nosedive .
tr	O	Servants lead my mother across the room to the prince 's table .
tr	O	I turned toward the edge of the pier as though to answer nature 's call .
tr	O	Knocked the gun from his hand .
tr	O	He had never seen a black person that he could remember .
va	O	Ross will be joining us shortly .
tr	O	Was it just Jason 's imagination , or did her tune seem to have a darker tinge to it ?
va	O	That 's when we were cut off from all command and separated .
tr	O	Malcolm fussed around in the room behind me .
tr	O	But he gave her no mercy .
tr	O	Adel smiles at her , pleased with the compliment .
tr	O	But as soon as he approached the animals they disappeared before his very eyes .
tr	O	She was now alone on the bed and it was dark inside the trailer .
tr	O	Chase rumbled in amusement .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go out there without me .
va	O	He had to get out of here before he snatched Isaac and ran .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together firmly .
tr	O	They 've all left their influence on the native life and culture , including religion . '
tr	O	Kai 's girlfriend attached herself to Austin 's side as soon as they were both out of the classroom .
tr	O	Initially Mitch and Anya Conyers ' experiments were simple .
tr	O	I glanced up at the sky and shrugged off my anxiety ; it really was a peaceful evening .
tr	O	Thereafter the stillness was periodically shattered by loud random shotgun blasts .
tr	O	Death seemed inescapable now ; the scent , the sight and the sad acceptance that it was coming to claim them , one and all .
te	O	And , since he deals with the inner workings of it all , he 's rather jaded on the whole thing .
va	O	I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia , but I was diverted .
tr	O	She doesn 't look like she has any appetite .
tr	O	And getting sicker by the second .
va	O	And to do anything else to her that she 'd let him do .
tr	O	The same soldier picked up a damp piece of paper .
tr	O	To my horror Annette 's mother gets out of the car with us , to come in .
tr	O	About 15 minutes later I saw my sister and brother-in-law coming to the hospital .
tr	O	He 'd failed to save her friends , and now he could not take her from the half-life .
tr	O	And I 'm well aware that he 's dangerous .
tr	O	The four of us seat ourselves in the living room , ready to make some kind of plan .
tr	O	he asked , standing up straight .
tr	O	Then a whole series of muffled thumps , that they 're on top of the situation .
tr	O	I knew where I wanted to go .
va	O	He probably never even considered that the Grim Reaper was even real .
tr	O	In the first light of morning , Iona peeled open her eyes to find Eric facedown next to her .
tr	O	He was obviously furious with her when he left .
tr	O	Pain creased his features , but Shrapnel said nothing .
va	O	I can tell by his silence that he has given up trying to persuade me .
tr	O	He glanced her way .
va	O	A friend is opening a lounge downtown and I promised to go to the launch party .
te	O	The glass and the wires certainly spoke volumes about keeping the patients firmly on the other side , where they belonged .
tr	O	Until now she had allowed herself to be governed by childish fantasies .
te	O	I didn 't want to know .
tr	O	Ashton lurched back , clutching the side of his head , He brought his hand away .
tr	O	He was only doctor in the bunkers ; my mother implored him not to go .
tr	O	She tucked her hands in the pockets of her cut off short shorts and stuck out her chin in a gesture that was almost provocative .
tr	O	It very likely could be the cops coming to arrest me for bashing Cain 's face in .
tr	O	I 'm surrounded by gravestones just like the ones behind you , I told him .
te	O	He licked his finger and gingerly touched the top of the staff .
tr	O	It had been so much easier to tell Gansey , when it felt like it didn 't really matter .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought about that in years .
va	O	Shadow stepped away and raked a hand through thick , nearly black hair .
tr	O	Had I just come down here for a sleep , and dreamt absolutely everything ?
tr	O	Behind Jenny he could see the unmistakable gray tail fin of a large shark moving off .
tr	O	Her dreams terrified her .
tr	O	I try not to think of it as we drive to the beach and then walk over the sandy dunes .
va	O	I could tell that he wanted to say more , but something had kept him quiet .
tr	O	As Clay gazed around the exhibition hall , he saw lawyers spending money as fast as they could make it .
tr	O	Jenny rounded the corner a moment later , slowing to a walk for the remaining 30 feet .
tr	O	' He 's probably right . '
tr	O	He had at least thirty minutes before any of his team would be called for a debriefing of the evening 's events .
tr	O	I coughed and gasped , trying to force the burning smoke out of my lungs .
tr	O	He could not let fear beat him .
tr	O	I had seen that intimately with Mistral , once a god of storms .
tr	O	Had this happened to other people ?
tr	O	he whispered , nuzzling my ear and then kissing my neck .
tr	O	I tried to suppress my shudder , and looked down at the map .
tr	O	Every person in the room stared at him with mouths hanging open .
tr	O	He looked peaceful as she came to him , easing down to the floor beside the couch .
te	O	You were doing fine ... and then you had to cross the line .
tr	O	Her face hardened into that serious mask that she could sometimes slip into .
tr	O	It reminded me of Dex 's camera light .
tr	O	Her lips sucked on my skin harder , her fangs close to drawing blood .
tr	O	It seems kind of fantastic , somewhat supernatural .
va	O	It had a curious gait , somewhere faster than a trot but slower than a canter .
tr	O	I lift my hand that is marked with the scar of the original Blood Promise and hold it out to him .
tr	O	Nothing seemed out of place .
tr	O	Roman was certain his oldest brother felt so strongly because Chase hadn 't chosen his own life path .
tr	O	Holiday nodded her head to Kylie .
tr	O	Nate wasn 't leaving any room for arguing .
tr	O	He had a glass of oblivion halfway to his lips before he noticed the painting .
te	O	As she settled into the faded flowered cushions her actions over the past days seemed like madness to her suddenly .
tr	O	Dagmar raised her hands .
tr	O	She said that one day I would find a girl that needed a guy like me to be her rock .
tr	O	He didn 't object to people working late , but he wanted everyone to be awake and alert the next day , too .
te	O	Okay , that was a little cowardly and less than adult , but it would be the way to save her feelings .
va	O	This would have been an ideal time to scream , but I could barely gasp breaths .
tr	O	' The city belongs to its people . '
tr	O	She was actually calling him out .
tr	O	She was about to suggest they return to the bedroom when he let her go .
tr	O	The gentle end of summer breeze kept the oak tree branches scraping at the window like bony fingers .
tr	O	Chris ' confusion grew at the same rate as his theorising .
tr	O	Go Fish and Old Maid and carving their initials into the fence .
tr	O	I see the woman 's car from the side of the road just up ahead , so that must mean Brielle 's here too .
tr	O	How could I have feared something so childish ?
tr	O	No Yankee 's been there , he decided , and continued down the pike .
tr	O	After dropping it to the floor , she reached out and placed her hand on his chest , just above his heart .
te	O	I didn 't start the fights . '
tr	O	But then sometimes things come together in spite of the plans we make , rather than because of them .
tr	O	I promise they won 't cheat Jodie out of a cent .
te	O	So maybe it 's simple after all .
tr	O	Three quarters up there were a secret entrance .
tr	O	I slouched my shoulders and looked down at the dirty carpet .
tr	O	Amanda had no choice but to wait in the bed .
tr	O	Treat her right or let her go .
tr	O	She began to feel frantic .
tr	O	He still had the same wonderful exuberance .
tr	O	To be sure , he now felt perfectly normal , but perhaps they did not realize that .
tr	O	Up , up it rose , stretching to cloak the peaceful blue sky , turning the atmosphere hostile .
tr	O	I could feel myself turning red .
va	O	The turning of the mirror gave me a good glimpse of the dark sedan behind us .
tr	O	I heard the longing in his voice , almost as strong as when he spoke about the Garden .
te	O	From what I saw , they are all armed .
tr	O	Automatic writing is still new to me .
va	O	But Lori was already two steps ahead as an exciting idea hit her .
tr	O	Coach Graham pursed his lips and swallowed hard .
tr	O	Saturday - January 26 , 1985 I had a really bad case of the flu but I am feeling a lot better now .
te	O	It wasn 't like I hated the idea of Noah fighting , just the idea of him getting hurt .
va	O	He remembers how it seemed to reach down and touch his lungs , caught his breath , and made him smile .
tr	O	We 're going ... going ... shit .
tr	O	Whatever it was , the man 's voice alone was enough to get Rollie 's attention .
tr	O	They would sleep on the beach with Reggie and Maggie .
tr	O	Before he could blink , the girl did several backflips while the blade remained still in the air .
tr	O	Verity glanced at Doug Warwick .
tr	O	Instead she saw the waters of Lake Lyn , with fire reflected in them as if in the surface of a piece of polished glass .
tr	O	How was it possible for a Sith Lord to obtain the office of the Supreme Chancellor ?
tr	O	Aria clapped her hand to her mouth .
tr	O	Etched into the door is one word : FOUR .
tr	O	In the shadows the other diners weren 't being nearly so fussy .
tr	O	You and Kincaid were opposites in many ways .
tr	O	She sounded surprised Stacy would even suggest it , but then she didn 't know Stacy 's past .
tr	O	You know , the ones related by blood .
tr	O	She was near the edge as well and she watched him go down and hit the board and then slide into the water .
tr	O	Groat patted the surprised Moist on the arm . '
tr	O	Not only would someone be killed , but I knew I would be doing the killing .
tr	O	My cheeks heat up and I turn back to stare at the blank wall while he continues doodling on my cast .
tr	O	He stood there , taut as a string on the verge of snapping .
tr	O	That 's going to leave a giant bruise .
tr	O	His reasoning makes no sense .
va	O	So I nodded and headed for the fridge .
tr	O	I had to reposition myself a few times , to keep comfortable , but my mouth never left its task .
tr	O	I had just opened my mouth to reply when some invisible force nearly yanked me off my feet , and I shrieked instead .
tr	O	All day long , he had thought about what his grandmother had told him .
tr	O	You want to destroy me .
tr	O	Dean stiffened slightly at her touch .
te	O	With a feigned nonchalance , he leaned against the thick wooden frame .
tr	O	It didn 't make sense with his previous happiness either .
tr	O	No , she would need no adjustment period there ; she 'd begun that discipline a good year before my demise .
va	O	I 'm being recruited to a police department in Oregon .
tr	O	The night dive had been particularly tiring .
tr	O	I snapped my head to the culprits .
tr	O	We seldom ate in the kitchen , but the worktable would serve this purpose .
tr	O	Cameron 's eyes glinted .
tr	O	Ill fortune alone is not enough .
tr	O	He flashed a cheeky smile .
va	O	Frantic footsteps , jumping , more thumps .
tr	O	I went down to the maintenance mezzanine between decks .
tr	O	Once in the water , it swam tentatively .
va	O	I kiss her back , and a small laugh of surprise escapes her when I flip us around and pin her against the wall .
tr	O	It was the only evidence in the room that Christmas was less than an hour away .
tr	O	Everyone says what they want about him , but I actually knew him .
tr	O	I said to Bear when he opened the door and stepped back into the room .
tr	O	That will loosen their tongues .
tr	O	He thought it was a given , that he and Caroline would get married .
tr	O	Layton grazes his finger along the inside of my wrist , though instead of welcoming his touch , I move my arm away .
tr	O	Hawk asked , his voice suddenly low and inviting .
tr	O	And then Kat couldn 't joke anymore .
tr	O	We came over with the dean and just finished up meeting with her and Dean Peterson .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if he referred to her legs or the slips of silk .
tr	O	This was a bad idea .
tr	O	Only now he wasn 't .
va	O	I could feel her magic as it spread through the room .
tr	O	Which , she noticed , wasn 't exactly an answer .
tr	O	It was thwarted by his wife , but she lost her leg in the process .
tr	O	He couldn 't see my face .
tr	O	But he had , in so many other ways , both of them too damned young .
va	O	If the mouse guards catch anyone being untoward , they attack viciously and sound the alarm .
tr	O	I pulled away from the strong hands behind me and flung my arms around my angel 's waist .
tr	O	They led him along the beach across a path of bodies , limbs coiled like serpents swarming amidst the sand .
tr	O	She hesitated before squirming free and slapping him across the face .
tr	O	This came from her mother .
tr	O	Joe talked on but was quite quiet when Melvyn asked about the horses .
tr	O	Since very few had tubs it took the hands of several to soak and wring out the washcloths , to scrub all the unreachable parts .
va	O	This was a mistake , Heather .
va	O	I could see the four of us ; the fifth member was a sketchy grey cloud I couldn 't quite put a face to .
tr	O	So the driver had been sitting inside for a while , doing what ?
te	O	While Brady was on his way to the airport the police detained his last companion and confiscated a briefcase .
tr	O	She wore a pretty dark brown cashmere dress and didn 't have a single hair out of place .
te	O	Edwin concentrated on his target .
tr	O	The big forester crested a hillock and began his descent toward the road to Kerner .
tr	O	It 's asking an awful lot for him to wait for me for three full months while I find my way back to him .
tr	O	The hiss of falling sand in the recently upturned hourglass violated the silence .
tr	O	The random tones of meditation bells drifted through the temple from the hidden sound system .
te	O	I smiled at him .
tr	O	From my left , Madeline , whose dark hair is gathered back into a messy knot , adjusts the ties on her crocheted bikini 's halter top .
te	O	He seemed quite shrewd .
tr	O	I swore that grin could kill millions of girls in the street .
tr	O	She pitched her voice to seem unthreatening .
tr	O	The wings which were strapped to his chest seemed somewhat less resplendent than they appeared at the bridge .
tr	O	Errol 's shoulders sank .
tr	O	What the hell am I doing ?
tr	O	Before she could hand it to him , he left .
tr	O	And he never would .
va	O	' The simple ones do .
tr	O	Royce prompted , studying the tiny dimple that peeked from the corner of her mouth .
tr	O	' I hated going back , but I knew his temper then would be nothing compared to if he ever tracked me down after running away . '
va	O	Deep , furious , and up against the wall because we couldn 't wait one more moment to be together .
tr	O	She explains something about having to get him ready for the funeral home and then tells me I need to get some rest .
tr	O	Eventually he stopped looking over his shoulder and his life resumed but on a different track .
tr	O	Claire gave the driver a smile and he grinned back , flicking his eyelid in a flirtatious wink .
tr	O	he said , looking sidelong at the hobbits .
tr	O	The sound of the demons behind her grew louder , closer .
tr	O	He glanced aside at Eliza .
tr	O	Maybe go down by the Ohio River .
tr	O	He took the miscarriage as a sign the curse is at work .
tr	O	He wanted to know about the others and to understand it , so he could figure out a solution .
tr	O	Your Manager was not clear when he asked for you to be present the second time .
te	O	Della heard the confidence in Steve 's voice , and while she 'd assessed his ability to transform quickly , she honestly didn 't know his strength .
tr	O	You guys might have sex in public , but it doesn 't usually result in anything .
tr	O	Emily 's words startled me and I looked up , surprised to find her standing in the doorway of the library .
tr	O	I opted for some purple jeans and a casual red top .
tr	O	She was still in her pajamas , cup of coffee in hand when she answered the door .
tr	O	She couldn 't see Wren anymore .
tr	O	He was just reacting this way because he was worried she would compromise his pursuit of the Perkins contract .
tr	O	Tavi shrugged his shoulders .
tr	O	She was now finding it hard to keep her calm .
tr	O	Hank gave my father a look of disgust , but he said nothing .
tr	O	For another , as a single mother caring for a three-year-old boy , she already had her hands full .
tr	O	Maggie , Gemma , and Laura had left us to our traditions , as had Rowena .
tr	O	He drops his hand to my shoulder and gives it a squeeze .
tr	O	He ran so long his legs ached , and his breathing grew heavy .
te	O	He felt she 'd betrayed him .
tr	O	Moments pass through life that are impossible to take back , stepping stones that may lead you on a path you were meant to take .
tr	O	Just ... you know me -- I could never kill anyone .
te	O	I didn 't know .
tr	O	I saw it with my parents last weekend .
tr	O	There was no light inside the building , making it hard to tell if anyone was in .
tr	O	I must have passed out because the next thing I remember is waking up as a vampire .
tr	O	We will sing one song for the old Kentucky home , For the old Kentucky home far away .
tr	O	He went into the back room .
tr	O	she said with a laugh .
tr	O	I passed out almost instantly .
tr	O	The man repeats louder .
tr	O	Shooting with their weapons , and she lifted her hands , wanting the nightmare before her to stop .
tr	O	I didn 't want to think about the past .
tr	O	She was part of the painful past , tied to a dead marriage and a woman he 'd betrayed .
tr	O	More movement reached her ears as he put stuff down .
va	O	Finding none , Xander settled for words that would at least soften the blow .
tr	O	Love you for that !
tr	O	Thinking back about that game , David remembered two things most vividly .
tr	O	It 's not the counsel 's job to make the decision .
te	O	Rachel nudged it open and stepped inside .
tr	O	He 'd been cautious and protective , all things to be expected .
tr	O	That and the books .
va	O	Mom never said anything bad about her .
tr	O	He too had to have analyzed the implications of her abilities .
tr	O	My mom and Officer Fox sat on a low wall around a palm tree in front of the school , illuminated by the parking lot floodlights .
tr	O	Stopping before he reached them he admired the couple .
tr	O	That 'll be half a crown altogether , counting the sandwich . '
te	O	Anger caused the urge to explode in him .
tr	O	I grabbed her ponytail , shoving my tongue into her mouth .
tr	O	How could she recall such catchphrases but not her own name ?
tr	O	It doesn 't look like a horse .
te	O	Mum seemed to be losing her patience with me .
tr	O	The brown and white mutt sniffed the visitor and stopped barking when Braddock gave her a quick scratch behind the ear .
tr	O	New bandage too from Jose 's first aid kit .
tr	O	Liza folded Mirabella 's large ear back toward her and spoke into it as though into a megaphone .
tr	O	He stood oft to the side a few paces from St. Denis , trying to hear what were being said between the Lieutenant and the Indians .
tr	O	She tried to think of different things to talk about but failed to figure out something to jump-start their conversation .
tr	O	I didn 't answer .
tr	O	She was gasping , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	O	Clary grabbed for the side of the truck bed to steady herself .
tr	O	No , he was right .
tr	O	We pull up in front of this run-down shack and see a body lying in front yard .
tr	O	But , don 't worry we keep the dangerous animals behind double gated , electric fenced enclosures .
tr	O	My workout gloves were falling apart at the seams , literally .
tr	O	With no traffic on the road , it doesn 't take long to get back to the hospital .
tr	O	Jazz pushed back from Willa after a few moments .
te	O	An abortion would have been more in keeping with her need to stay free .
tr	O	Just between us , she 's said as much to me .
tr	O	What if I talked to him ?
tr	O	Along with how many other law enforcement branches ?
tr	O	His gaze focused on my face , he kissed the tip of my index finger .
tr	O	Elation sprang through the fissure still growing in his chest , followed quickly by determination .
tr	O	Someone is attempting to make Miss Ashton go mad ... or at least appear to be crazy .
tr	O	She was utterly terrified that she would hear a noise , a noise of something approaching in the blackness .
tr	O	He sat in a precarious situation with the various factions of the armies .
tr	O	Because she loved him .
te	O	The arrival of Randa seemed to put a blanket over the good humour of the morning .
tr	O	Noah shakes his head .
tr	O	If she played her part right , Sam wouldn 't remember anything about the night except that she had been there .
tr	O	Guy shuffled on his ass to the back of the room and cowered in fear .
tr	O	I squealed as droplets from his wet hair splattered against me .
tr	O	Gray had to give the old guy some credit .
tr	O	A waiter answered the door as soon as she walked in and took her wrap .
tr	O	Tom , however , wouldn 't shut up .
va	O	He checks his watch .
tr	O	His mouth was open , releasing a silent scream , and his struggles were weakening .
tr	O	Epilogue Monday , February 25 I missed almost a month of school in total .
tr	O	Rupert bowed deeply , a flourish of grace , motioning to the men on his ships to come ashore .
tr	O	For the first time all day , Lauren felt herself smile .
tr	O	He called out to the man nearest .
tr	O	Thankfully , she had something to occupy her hands .
te	O	I accelerated and pulled out of traffic into the opposing lane .
tr	O	It might be impossible to breach Robert 's defenses and reach his heart , but she had to try .
te	O	Thankfully the waitress is approaching with our dinner and he has to retract it .
va	O	Shards of pain speared up through her leg , into her hip and she winced .
tr	O	It only confirmed what I had already felt would be the case .
te	O	She screamed in her thought for her father and Benedict to help her .
tr	O	She glanced up at us .
tr	O	And it was always the same .
va	O	But if indeed they had , for what purpose ?
tr	O	The hand breached the glass with an apple .
tr	O	The other men finally rose as well .
tr	O	Not that I am that much older but I certainly am not green !
tr	O	The least I could do is try to act excited about dinner .
te	O	Harold puts his arms around me from behind .
tr	O	I glanced over at her , if only to escape the screen for a moment .
tr	O	Geoff takes the news well and is looking forward to our returning to Darwin .
tr	O	He lifted a shoulder .
tr	O	Those hands pulling that necklace taut .
tr	O	We paused about half way up , at a part where the branches separated a bit and we could see out .
va	O	Like , I would have been a passive sort of Nazi , but I still would have been a Nazi .
tr	O	Across the street I could see into another home where a meal was being placed .
tr	O	We wish to avoid detection , but this isn 't our planet .
tr	O	I 've got to hang out on the beach trying to find a surfer with some money ' .
va	O	She knew the Anderson 's donated a lot of money , but she didn 't know any of them did actual volunteer work .
tr	O	The brightly lit area slowed the dark creatures , although they were still able to slither between shadows in the grass and behind rocks .
va	O	It looks like a man with ' the scream ' mask and a black familiar robe .
tr	O	But Liz doesn 't try to look irresistible .
tr	O	Miraculously , my cell phone had survived , so I found the consulate number through information , and contacted the duty officer there .
te	O	It was then I held my breath yet again but not from fear .
tr	O	He stared out the dining room window at the magnificent lake in the distance glimmering in the midday sunshine .
tr	O	I kicked my legs , but the wire circled tight around them , digging into my skin .
tr	O	Rose blinked the tears from her eyes .
tr	O	As if on his command , the soldiers pushed the four men back towards the door .
tr	O	The team directed their flashlights in the direction of the breathing , to reveal the naked body of a large muscular man on the ground .
te	O	' You 'll lose your job .
te	O	When they detonated , splinters flew through the air and bits of metal were thrown from bodies .
tr	O	She looked nervously up at the others and gave a shaky grin .
tr	O	He and Lucy Ann had been each other 's champions in those days .
va	O	There was still no word about Anthony and that bothered him .
tr	O	The distant sirens of ambulance , police and fire vehicles were getting closer .
tr	O	Red light shone in through the open door , and through the trunks of the saplings growing everywhere .
tr	O	My suitcase bounced on the steps and I sped up the hill in a blind rage , determined not to look back .
tr	O	The young one could no longer hide his mirth .
va	O	She grabbed for the sheets even as he yanked on his jeans .
va	O	He gave an exasperated sigh .
tr	O	Well , maybe on TV at award shows , but never in real life .
tr	O	She has no right to judge me .
tr	O	I decide to ignore his last question , it will probably be better for him to find out himself anyway .
tr	O	It hurt for an instant before blossoming into arousal , as evidenced by the moisture dampening my bathing suit .
tr	O	The light went on a second later .
tr	O	The phone went dead .
tr	O	Well , that was already a given .
te	O	As she walked over to Eloise 's crib , Devlin looked her up and down .
tr	O	His little grey bird clung to his shoulder and bobbed with each bounding step .
tr	O	This little bonsai tree will bring you luck and healing .
tr	O	My attraction to Carson was a shock .
tr	O	Cassie 's heart swelled within her chest .
tr	O	Her husband helped her to the lobby , and I gave her an ice pack .
tr	O	A horrible sound : a vulture 's cry as its talons grip into dead meat .
tr	O	She lifted a shoulder .
tr	O	I remembered how Jill had hugged Adrian goodbye and suddenly wondered if she had a crush on him .
va	O	When he finally released me , I saw his eyes were wet with emotion .
tr	O	A tale like that would be her password into the bosom of the palace 's servants .
tr	O	I should have landed another one to give her something new to think about .
tr	O	He laughed , and his laughing calmed me .
tr	O	she asked with confusion , wondering a bit distractedly what he was doing and catching her gown to keep it from slipping off her arms .
tr	O	Angels sang as she passed and devils squirmed in her wake .
tr	O	I can go out at night when the sun goes down , without the lotion .
va	O	It was that question which caused his delay .
tr	O	Berlin , 30th July 1930 IT was a relatively simple case of theft .
tr	O	That they would develop invisible arms and reach out , grabbing onto whatever creature happened to be in her vicinity .
tr	O	What the hell is wrong with the world ?
va	O	As he passed the tech lab , Gideon came out to meet him in the hallway .
tr	O	We were walking into dangerous territory .
va	O	Guy 's gaze bored into her .
te	O	Make things right with your family .
va	O	' Yes , one to do the tuning , and the other to tell them how terribly wrong they 're doing it .
va	O	She was his wife , his best friend , his soul mate .
tr	O	I don 't like the way his eyes travel over me as if he , too , remembers the Search and enjoys tormenting me with it .
te	O	I see my husband , Matt standing by the bed .
tr	O	The waves inside increased until finally , God yes , finally , release crashed over her .
tr	O	My heart began beating rapidly just at the thought of it .
tr	O	I 'm not gorgeous like some movie star , but I 'm pretty .
tr	O	Those of you who can , drop what you 're doing and pitch in .
tr	O	Sometimes it is very useful to have a reputation for being a reclusive , amoral jerk .
tr	O	All I want now , at this moment , is to grow old with you .
tr	O	The pilots leaned out of the cockpit , chatting with them as they passed .
va	O	I had tried to get a few free-lance media buying gigs while I was there but the fates didn 't seem to want it .
tr	O	His eyes darted worriedly to Devon ; hopelessness filled his gaze as a small tremor ran through him .
tr	O	The stew was the most amazing thing he has ever tasted .
te	O	You can 't be serious .
va	O	Heat rushed to my cheeks .
tr	O	Icy air seeped in through the crack in the door .
te	O	He turned and looked at me , guilt in his eyes .
tr	O	That 's what I did .
tr	O	Where is she now ?
tr	O	I shook my head .
te	O	I stared into his eyes thoughtfully , trying to think of how we could escalate the situation .
tr	O	She 'd shown it in countless ways in bed and out .
tr	O	' Don 't hold your breath waiting for an answer , though - ' ' I hate this , ' he complained .
tr	O	Once he delivered the sheep , he would receive payment in full .
tr	O	I bit my lip as I searched his face .
tr	O	Even if I 'd agreed with that assumption , it wouldn 't have changed a thing .
tr	O	Judy whistled through her teeth .
tr	O	She was distracted from her musings as her stomach let out a petulant growl , demanding sustenance .
tr	O	Maybe that would wake me up a bit more .
tr	O	He took another swig and looked at me .
te	O	Sera remembered how Peter used to drink too much and make an ass of himself .
te	O	The words , Don 't bite the hand that feeds you , kept running through her mind .
va	O	Each little creature is a door into Me .
tr	O	Her sight had blurred with tears .
tr	O	Hadley looked at her for a second before nodding and looking away .
tr	O	His smile was gorgeous .
tr	O	Shortly after the incident with Kathy Crenshaw and her baby , Charlotte had met Jason .
tr	O	I won 't use physical strength or Craft to force you .
te	O	I won 't have children .
tr	O	I 'm not going to kill you .
va	O	I watched as we wound up a dark rock drive all the way to the towering house that settled so ominously within the cliff face .
tr	O	One part of her saw a mass of creatures swarming toward the man with the dagger .
tr	O	' Where are you going ?
tr	O	She hoped someone would help her but there was no one around .
tr	O	She was getting far too much sun .
tr	O	Horace put out a hand to stop the man .
tr	O	Keep Venture rose before her in the night .
tr	O	Information flew in on the wind , almost through her very pores .
tr	O	Alvin approached her and she started slapping him .
tr	O	He ran them through warm water , never taking his eyes from my reflection .
tr	O	Reader discretion is advised .
va	O	By now Betty 's boy and Heather 's baby were both tired of being held and were soon set free to explore their surroundings .
tr	O	I know you had your differences with Barrett , but I hope that my friendship with him isn 't going to be a problem .
tr	O	I grabbed hold of her and pulled her into me , walking her backwards towards the bed .
te	O	He gave no thought that he was not going off to face an army .
tr	O	I had no idea what it was meant to do .
va	O	Her hair was done up on either side of her head in round puffs , looking like bear ears , and her arms were bare .
tr	O	Seriously , and your teeth are covered in black specks now .
tr	O	Get off my land .
tr	O	Their tents were laid out orderly surrounding the centre of the camp and there was a fire where the warriors sat , ate and conversed without words .
tr	O	It was a welcomed distraction from the strain of a sleepless night .
tr	O	I closed the cupboard door and walked over to the fridge .
te	O	There was no one inside , nothing and no one .
tr	O	There was a pause then Sloane let his breath out in a whoosh .
tr	O	Ice followed his friend as they dashed past the cabin and all the way to the street .
tr	O	Adele 's brow cleared .
tr	O	Pete looks carefully at it and then takes a bite .
tr	O	A quick estimate told him one hundred or more headstones awaited his quick inspection .
tr	O	Their heads are too big , she has to have a C-section .
tr	O	He walked past them to a low dais in the center of the room .
tr	O	At two in the morning , the dorm got colder .
tr	O	Sophia stood in front of the ovens .
tr	O	The laughter was infectious .
va	O	Kelly felt the rising heat from Ryan 's body like the steam in a sauna .
tr	O	He feared that he might end up being roped into something strange like he was when he met Millie .
tr	O	By the time they 'd left the pub , the first workers were leaving early shifts .
te	O	Just a few notes about things that disappeared out of his files at work .
tr	O	She needed that kid , now more than ever .
tr	O	Then I arose from the fetid pool , my feet planted firmly on rising ground .
tr	O	He hardly knows I 'm along .
tr	O	I blushed , embarrassed to have been caught devouring his pillow with my nose .
va	O	He 's not very good in bed .
tr	O	He didn 't need the mind-bending stress of worrying about her stepping on some kind of land mine - Shit .
tr	O	God shouldn 't need to prove Himself over and over again .
tr	O	Lake water is never perfectly clean , even in fall when the cool temperatures precipitate out some of the solids .
tr	O	We thank you both .
tr	O	For them , music was as natural as speaking or walking , and so they expounded upon the melody and the song grew .
tr	O	I could see Colonel Farris and a small escort waiting for us by the fort 's entrance .
tr	O	A soft knock sounded at the door .
tr	O	He stares at my lips for a few seconds .
tr	O	I don 't know if your Mummy told you , but I 'm working on an assignment at the moment .
tr	O	Now look , the troubles are waiting for me .
tr	O	Speaking of which , his actual mom and dad were also looking forward to meeting their grandchild .
tr	O	They want to fight even though they 're going to have a lot of work to do once we 're done with Anderson 's army .
tr	O	From the moment I 'd first begun tagging , I 'd been ordered never to interact with Upper Level demons and required to report any possible sighting .
tr	O	I could hear a girl 's giggle as he stepped out silently .
tr	O	It has to be you , and I know it can be done .
tr	O	Darla stopped digging in her bag and looked at Maggie .
tr	O	She answered him with a disbelieving look .
tr	O	* * * I 'm on the roof of a high-rise building again as rain falls all around me .
tr	O	I did want he said as I sat I placed the glass on the desk .
tr	O	He dragged his mind away from thoughts of her soft , white thighs .
tr	O	I felt ... well , human .
te	O	Alix asked after they 'd cut the cake and made a final round of their guests .
tr	O	Execution : Three vehicle escort convoy , full armament .
va	O	And Kat 's father just kept smiling , clipboard in hand .
tr	O	If you disturb them they will slap their tails on the water and make a noise to warn the others .
tr	O	' Guess I couldn 't avoid you even if tried .
tr	O	Valerie was slouched over the dining room table .
tr	O	He wasn 't going to let me walk this time .
tr	O	The world around him seems to shake and as his hand grasps mom 's wrist , the ground below her seems to fall away .
tr	O	Then the dead would get justice .
tr	O	Zack and I climbed out of the hole and rushed to sit next to our bounty .
tr	O	' Find it , boy ... ' Spike was kneeling right down by Ed 's ear .
tr	O	I turned back into her room and Alexandria stood in the doorway .
tr	O	These files were all blacked out .
tr	O	He could almost hear the conversation .
tr	O	Use the crosswalk next time .
tr	O	He immediately shook his head and stepped closer , his face looking furious that she would dare something so insane .
tr	O	It 's not important .
tr	O	Then insurance refused to pay a few times , some deductibles weren 't met , and I ended up owing the clinic money .
tr	O	I found that strange , seeing how the leaves were already changing .
va	O	Her body continued to scream for her to flee .
te	O	I slide them on and zip them up over my pant legs .
tr	O	At the most polite , that term could be called completely inaccurate .
va	O	He 's like Smith .
tr	O	All Crewe needs to catch up with us is the time we waste to turn around .
tr	O	And then the Watchman was there , standing over him .
va	O	The planet was overwhelmed by a population exceeding nine billion and wars were breaking out everywhere .
tr	O	Perhaps Juliet was catching up on something that didn 't involve me .
tr	O	Gray saw through the smoke and mirrors to the person underneath that camouflage .
tr	O	Then she turned back and peered at the driveway again .
tr	O	She still wanted him to think she had been unaffected .
tr	O	Not that it mattered , since my cheeks were more than picking up the slack in that department .
tr	O	No one knew who 's side he was on .
va	O	But instead of a drawbridge , wide steps led up to a set of marble double doors , which in turn were covered by the stone balcony .
tr	O	I really was the luckiest girl in the world .
tr	O	Thanks also go to my real-time friends for their encouragement , and my on-line friends for their support .
tr	O	I remember a city -- a string of them , actually -- full of people and the filth that followed with them .
tr	O	He looked across the horse ring , to the fields stretching out beyond .
tr	O	My apologies to ye young feisty fellow .
tr	O	said the oh god .
va	O	And airplane bottles -- scotch , bourbon , tequila .
tr	O	She 'd wanted him to go away .
tr	O	He hurt and he was desperately thirsty .
tr	O	He held the gun to my head and waved me outside .
te	O	The scent of a cooking meal soothed something inside him .
tr	O	MaryAnn gave a little shake of her head , frowning as if Solange had committed a huge fashion gaffe .
tr	O	If I could just dispel the illusion .
tr	O	We 've known that .
va	O	But I dreamt I was outside in the storm , the wind whipping my hair in my face and blinding my eyes .
tr	O	The man was hardly the fastidiously dressed individual I had read so much about .
tr	O	A few of the stories got really long , too , and became novels .
tr	O	He 's young and good-looking .
va	O	This time , she wouldn 't sink into the background , forcing him to do all the work , take all the risks .
tr	O	Had been since she was sixteen .
tr	O	The announcement was scheduled to come out an hour before hand .
tr	O	Didn 't seem to even realize I was there .
tr	O	I glanced at Ness , excited .
tr	O	They insist on slaughtering the goose so they may reward him with a feast fit for a hero of the realm .
tr	O	James slammed his lips against hers .
tr	O	Tomorrow will be a long day .
tr	O	He was still holding me tight .
tr	O	On one of them an African mask hung in primitive glory .
tr	O	Her words are quick , a warning , as if she 's afraid I 've decided to punch him .
tr	O	He started down the dock in a stupor and heard Corrado follow , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	O	Jordan 's eyes stayed on his fingers .
te	O	More than anything , he wanted to tear out of the bunker and hunt Vince down - daylight or not .
tr	O	The water blasted at the flames , but the fire kept attacking all around the compound walls .
tr	O	I swear , he hissed when he said it .
tr	O	He 'll win his life .
tr	O	Again the bubble burst leaving the small banks and the savings and loans hung out to dry .
tr	O	Everything slowed down when her pearly , white teeth gleamed across the light .
tr	O	He felt his eyes begin to well up .
va	O	Jane turned to John and rolled her eyes .
tr	O	At least he no longer looked like the missing link between primates and Neanderthals .
tr	O	There had been not one friend or relative at the gathering held in her honour .
tr	O	Ahead , dark SUVs were parked at an angle .
tr	O	Why should aliens have airplane doors ?
tr	O	Lexi thought of her own business and nodded .
tr	O	I wish it wouldn 't .
tr	O	I am about to stab a dagger through the heart of her hope .
tr	O	Even though they all knew that everyone here was most likely marked for death .
va	O	What will you do if Rafe shows up and has a key to this place ?
te	O	Thomas and his people were moving forward now , a ragged advance but spreading out on both sides of the cutter .
tr	O	' I can only tell you what you want to know if it relates to information I may or may not have been given . '
tr	O	They take two colored drinks from a tray and enter the crowd .
tr	O	She waved again at the growing swarm .
te	O	McKenna drew a deep breath as anger flashed in her eyes .
tr	O	She heaved her bucket out of the well and turned to walk away .
va	O	I pointed to the body .
tr	O	Now there 's my department .
te	O	I 'm not a snitch .
te	O	I 'm me and trust me , I 'm finding it pretty hard to believe .
tr	O	The kitchen island was covered in jewelry .
tr	O	I didn 't want to sit around and think about it the rest of the night .
tr	O	Downstairs in the tearoom she had made it clear that she had some doubts about both his talent and his commitment to the job .
te	O	Spend time with the ones you love .
tr	O	At the mill he amazed his friends by carrying logs that no two others could carry .
tr	O	But everything that had gone wrong since her parents died was her brother 's fault .
tr	O	Leon : I thought you 'd like to be the one who escorts Alma .
tr	O	My stomach didn 't get tipsy just hearing his name .
tr	O	The guard moved his light around the cell from one person to the next .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand them .
tr	O	She didn 't expect anyone else to understand something she couldn 't explain herself .
va	O	The guy ´ s psycho , Darwin , or whatever his name is .
tr	O	He had a habit of doing that whenever the questions got too personal .
tr	O	He shoved her forward with his boot and she realized she was looking at a black tire .
tr	O	Raymond came back in the room .
tr	O	I know who you are .
tr	O	It was raining , most of the road markings obscured by the reflections of the city lights .
tr	O	The lady put it down on the table with the lamp and turned to face Simon .
tr	O	Not a chance in hell .
tr	O	Sunlight from not one but seven glowing masses above .
va	O	Chloe was just getting out of the tub when she heard the knock .
tr	O	asked Steven , who had been sitting for two minutes in silence .
tr	O	Nick flushed hot with an abrupt and vicious indignation .
tr	O	Each port the ship would stop at would be full of things to do and places to see .
va	O	All accumulated he believed with his father 's advice .
tr	O	I ran out of the store .
te	O	Pray , husband , get back into bed .
tr	O	I could hear the amusement in her voice at her nickname for Kellan .
tr	O	He wanted to touch that hair .
tr	O	The witch brought her hand to Rourke 's face , her dark red nails flashing as she slowly caressed the back of her knuckles down his cheek .
tr	O	But Trevor would never do that .
tr	O	Kate frowned and glanced at her watch .
tr	O	But for two people beginning a new relationship , they were dealing with enough challenges .
tr	O	With a determined tread the vicar set off for the estate , completely unafraid .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was actually going to do this and thought of turning back but something pushed me on .
tr	O	Plus , I obviously wasn 't getting any reading done .
te	O	The two of you would make an unbeatable team of burglars .
tr	O	Isaac shook his head .
tr	O	What if I 'd mixed up Athena and Artemis ?
tr	O	She whirled around to f ind Clark standing directly behind her .
tr	O	I watch Realm leave , wondering what the hell is going on .
va	O	He looked at the youths and shrugged .
tr	O	cried Jack , grabbing the older man 's hand .
tr	O	We were all determined the day should be a happy one .
tr	O	Still , he couldn 't seem to summon the energy he needed to walk out the door .
tr	O	Riley let the chase continue for some seconds then started building up speed .
va	O	Copyright © 2013 Craig Allen .
tr	O	No parasol , I see .
tr	O	The girl in Kylie 's arms shifted .
te	O	I glance into the nearest car -- a large seven seater jeep -- and immediately wish I hadn 't .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe she 'd worry about such a stupid thing right then .
tr	O	The road narrowed and the streetlights disappeared .
tr	O	He noted the convict number printed on every piece of clothing , but he hadn 't bothered to memorise the name 's that went with them .
tr	O	The other guard demanded .
tr	O	I pushed myself up , standing to survey the area .
tr	O	Besides , Grant had saved himself some trouble .
tr	O	I tried to shake my head , but wasn 't sure if I actually did .
tr	O	Spencer wondered if she 'd gotten it in juvie .
va	O	She had no actual proof that Caine felt the same connection .
tr	O	They headed towards the Priory .
tr	O	Her heart skipped a beat .
te	O	echoed through the room .
tr	O	Die like a man , if that was your fate , with your sword in hand .
va	O	All soft curves , including the curls in her brunette hair , she had sexy green eyes and pouty lips .
tr	O	That wasn 't really any of his business , unless the count should somehow be threatened there .
tr	O	She couldn 't get into Equity or SAG because she hadn 't yet gotten enough experience .
va	O	I held on to those eyes for as long as I could .
tr	O	At the same time , he couldn 't shake the feeling that it wasn 't yet over , that something remained unfinished .
tr	O	I don 't know if he has any information but I really would like to know what 's happening to Alec and me .
tr	O	And that was really okay .
tr	O	The door didn 't have a handle on the inside , so she couldn 't open it to get out .
tr	O	Growling ferociously , they descended towards us at frightening speeds .
tr	O	He smiled in amusement and set the sandwich on his plate .
tr	O	The Post was in its usual hyper state when she arrived at 1150 and 15th Street .
tr	O	He 's been wanting to read that one forever .
tr	O	As far as Michaels could tell , this Jeffrey was nothing more than another worthless denizen of Old Haven , docile and ready to serve .
tr	O	I 'm nearly twenty so it 's time I moved out .
tr	O	The newly arrived team of three specialists from the UN were standing just inside the door where they shivered in shorts and t-shirts .
tr	O	She frowned , wondering if she could get out of it .
tr	O	And boy had he exploited her naivete last night !
te	O	She 'd take climbing a solid wall of granite over mincing about on slippery riverbeds any day .
tr	O	I think there 's some peas in this batch .
tr	O	We were bad neighbours in those days .
tr	O	We prayed over the meal and dug in .
tr	O	The one woman who actually told me no .
te	O	She sounded young -- young and scared .
tr	O	You come from good stock .
tr	O	Nick hung up , then called Caleb , who answered on the second ring .
te	O	Clare was going to come out of this smelling like a rose .
tr	O	With every drop , Sophia felt something slowly begin to give way inside her .
tr	O	Not only did they frequently leap to totally unwarranted conclusions , but they also insisted on discussing their delusions at dawn with pistols .
tr	O	She was head over heels .
tr	O	It will buy us a couple of hours in the air .
tr	O	Benny 's eyes wander to the Chevelle as he cocks his shaven head and crosses his muscular arms .
tr	O	The curtains had not only kept the light at bay , they also had prevented the house from warming .
tr	O	He was not lonely nor afraid .
tr	O	The land ahead rose in long shallow slopes , barren and pitiless , towards the desert that lay at Sauron 's gate .
tr	O	I 'd be bathing before the wedding anyway .
tr	O	He did not have ammunition to waste .
va	O	The ground was shaking .
tr	O	Excited to make a new friend .
tr	O	She knew by the light that Demetrius would soon be waking up .
te	O	You just kept acting like I was the bad guy .
tr	O	He knew damn well that Eveline understood what he said when he conversed with her .
tr	O	They had no idea just like the humans .
te	O	He gave a curt nod , leaning against the back wall again , under the water .
tr	O	He knocks again , more quietly this time , propelling me into full wakefulness .
tr	O	It had been exactly a year prior that Evie and I had made this exact journey , excited and eager to begin our new lives .
va	O	This is what I get for not telling him that he was amazing the first time .
tr	O	By the time Sandra and Dr. Homes made it back to the ship everyone was at the hatch to greet them .
tr	O	They work in our factories and on our farms .
te	O	Dante halted them both with a commanding tone .
tr	O	Michelle jammed her hand into her purse , fumbling to get her iPhone to take a picture .
tr	O	' Think about it for a moment .
tr	O	Max continued to bluster as I changed the coordinates for a different location and set the timer again .
tr	O	I turned to give her a sheepish smile , still perched on Chase 's lap .
tr	O	Andra reached for Paul 's arm to steady herself .
tr	O	Zeus did a quick search of the band 's album covers and then she understood .
te	O	My voice shook as I repeated the words , bitter on my tongue .
te	O	That would bring immeasurable grief his way .
tr	O	She had probably heard the catalogue of forbidden sins many times before from her parents .
tr	O	I am amazed by how I manage to do it , with the leaden feeling inside me .
tr	O	I don 't think there are any warlocks in the area .
tr	O	Why did he divorce her in the first place ?
tr	O	Even she couldn 't tell if her wet face held tears .
tr	O	If I were to travel to the future without him , there is no telling if I would survive the trip .
tr	O	His long fingers slid down , curling into my palm , dwarfing my hand in his much larger one .
tr	O	I am FINALLY past the god damned storm .
tr	O	He heard them calling to him , but the sound was more in his head than out of it .
tr	O	That signal has been jammed and redefined to the point of origin .
va	O	I wouldn 't even mind if she yelled about my failing P.E. grades .
tr	O	If it was here to be found .
tr	O	He shifted slightly , still offering the water .
tr	O	More detailed descriptions of the rituals for prayer derive from the example set by the prophet Muhammad himself as preserved in Islamic traditions .
tr	O	The wait had provided time for the Chinese to strengthen their position .
tr	O	' Put him down . '
tr	O	The name was probably of German origin .
tr	O	Something tells me he 's going to want to read that right away .
tr	O	Power leashed with an iron fist .
va	O	Jill sent him off with her credit card .
tr	O	He kicked with his free leg , pounding the wall with his foot .
tr	O	Sarah had not told her how her hair had managed to get cut .
te	O	A she-wolf might tear out a man 's throat for pissing her off , but she never cried and especially not when someone had complimented her .
tr	O	Two people came together on the big square area , held onto each other 's arms , then barely moved .
tr	O	The officer 's eyes went to it and then to me .
tr	O	Listen , I build computers .
tr	O	Show me the body .
tr	O	Damiano has forgiven me and I can 't tell you how happy I am that he still wants to be with me .
tr	O	Doug faked a right hook and then came in strong with his left toward his mid section .
tr	O	She looked back at Max .
te	O	She paused to make a slight adjustment in my hold .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember the last time he 'd sat down at a table to eat a meal .
tr	O	Should he fall from a tree while gathering fruit or nuts , he might break a leg .
tr	O	I picked out another business suit from the closet and started to dress , on autopilot .
tr	O	The most she 'd ever gone for was a prize worth fifteen points .
tr	O	Balancing on her toes , she lightly kissed Greer 's lips .
tr	O	she asked as he mounted the steps to the deck .
tr	O	I was looking at someone I had never met before .
tr	O	They needed to be prepared .
tr	O	An ivory shoulder rose in an elegant shrug .
tr	O	He simply wanted her to feel .
tr	O	I wanted to wrap her up in a blanket and run away from here .
tr	O	The blend is something I would recognize anywhere .
tr	O	The sense of the unknown becoming known 's was something he had found with other backpackers who really saw what was happening in the places they visit .
tr	O	Sometimes it was the killer 's voice she heard .
va	O	She could answer that .
tr	O	I don 't have any problems .
tr	O	' After I went to all that trouble for you too . '
tr	O	His hips begin to pick up off the bed , slamming into me as I sink down .
tr	O	She helped Finn into the hard seat at the desk .
te	O	This camp was worth fighting with all my might to stay .
tr	O	Not that she thought that she needed protection .
te	O	Who suffers from sibling rivalry ?
tr	O	Corrine took care of the cremation and the service and she tried to comfort Noah but she could not comfort Noah .
tr	O	He put the tub in one of his pockets too .
tr	O	The last out of the game had been called and to her delight and Dylan 's dismay , the Sox had won 7 to 1 .
tr	O	Connie glided along shaking hands and smiled at all the right times , totally at ease as if she had been doing it all her life .
tr	O	This was the first real contact they had in over a week .
va	O	Some sites never got rid of the ruptures created in them and so the tracks continued to stand dull but present .
tr	O	It occurred to her that he had never actually mentioned his level of sensitivity .
te	O	After a long time -- I 'm talking hours here , maybe ten hours , I couldn 't tell exactly -- Sally came back .
tr	O	That 's where the traumas occurred .
te	O	' Oh ... yes .
tr	O	I turn my furious gaze on Samantha .
tr	O	I feel the velvety skin beneath my fingers .
tr	O	He opened up the back of the SUV and rummaged around for a duffel bag he kept there .
te	O	I could almost not go and pretend I had .
tr	O	He held the building 's main door for me .
tr	O	We were trying to decide whether to scale the building or turn and fight when he sprayed us with holy water .
tr	O	Gregori 's body tightened alarmingly as her teeth sent white-hot pleasure slicing through him .
tr	O	You 're such a little prude , you know that ?
tr	O	And with that Michael lead Ben to the exit .
tr	O	How could he have forgotten about how easy it is to track a cell phone .
tr	O	I have never encountered a Deviant so ... humanlike .
tr	O	He looked around at the small assembled group , letting his eyes stop on Mike .
tr	O	You had your fun .
va	O	I 'm having a baby .
tr	O	Ignoring the second bed , she tucked her boots under her brother 's bed and climbed under the blankets next to him .
tr	O	We 're supposed to fly it .
tr	O	The beginning of lovemaking ?
tr	O	He waited for a few moments in silence .
tr	O	The hazy evening turned into the extremely bright morning , as Tony returned from his mom 's house where he stayed over from time to time .
tr	O	Sara still wasn 't a very strong swimmer .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and they met hers that were closed and would be for eternity .
tr	O	Based on our conversation , I thought you would be dead much sooner .
tr	O	She smiled and closed her eyes , her lips finding the spot she had before and this wave of tingling swept through my whole body .
tr	O	The cops didn 't want anyone to see what went on in here .
tr	O	Sometimes that didn 't work either and the words got mixed up , even though he thought they came out right .
va	O	For a long time , no one said anything .
te	O	It swept clean through her .
va	O	His eyes fall to our joined hands as he slips an enormous diamond onto my ring finger .
tr	O	As Chris takes the seat across from me , I pull out my notebook and glance around the small cafe .
tr	O	Instead , I was thankful for the advice .
te	O	Elvira swept past him to the hatch without so much as a glance .
tr	O	The sun had risen and clouds had passed over the blue sky sending cooling shadows across the squatting figure on the cliff top .
tr	O	It is the basic condition of life , to be required to violate your own identity .
tr	O	More blood poured into the vampire 's lungs drowning him from within .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to my lips .
tr	O	I walked back to Blair Road .
tr	O	Dark Wing had taken their own plane , so Black Diamond and the crew traveled together .
tr	O	She 'd been too shocked and hurt to blast him when he 'd destroyed her hopes and shattered her dreams .
te	O	I met Nathan and Mia for a few drinks at Max 's .
tr	O	She glanced warily at his hand as if worried he was going to strike her .
tr	O	Margaret was curled up in an alcove about where he expected , feverish and distraught .
va	O	Barnes shook his head .
tr	O	At 55 his hair was thinning in front and showing a bit of grey .
tr	O	He 'd matured faster than he should have had to .
tr	O	Functional simplicity did not bear the onus or sense of restriction that arbitrary simplicity carried .
tr	O	He glanced over at me as he turned through the deepening dusk onto 146 , now free flowing with light traffic .
va	O	Lauren was now seventeen , tall and beautiful like her mother , but she had the cold resentment of someone abandoned in her eyes .
tr	O	Finally , she flipped open the file .
tr	O	Just make sure you don 't get anything red or yellow .
tr	O	Joan and Richard had gone to school together in Chicago .
tr	O	They pushed through the thick underbrush and disappeared into the forest once more .
tr	O	Jeff asked as he settled himself into a chair , pulling out pencils and a notepad .
tr	O	He had left the window open .
va	O	Hannah had enough of her own mistakes , she refused to copy someone else 's .
tr	O	His skin showed black and blue around the needle and his vein stood out , blue under his white skin beyond the bruise .
tr	O	The ancient city had not changed since the young man 's last visit .
tr	O	They get their money no matter what .
va	O	That was one thing Kim stressed ; we need to look the part , making people want to be cool like us .
va	O	I 'd worry more about Greg .
te	O	The shuttle was in Hangar Six and the C-5 was being checked over by Bob and his team outside Hangar Three .
tr	O	Jimmy didn 't give Nick time to reply .
tr	O	Neither have I ... what did I think would happen once I got the medicine ?
tr	O	She tried to eat a sandwich for lunch but couldn 't swallow .
tr	O	The sound of music from inside grew steadily louder .
va	O	Having flown around the world of the future herself , she knew that nothing came instantly .
tr	O	Jane had stayed quiet for a long moment after Frazier 's pronouncement , staring at the man with a blank expression .
va	O	My face stung and I turned quickly to look out the passenger window .
te	O	I felt wonderful , the best I had felt in years .
tr	O	The tips of my breasts were red and abraded from his mouth and my wrists were still trapped against the wall by his hands .
tr	O	If it hadn 't been for Beth 's phone call , I would have done just that without even opening the book .
tr	O	She looked around her , and let her voice fall soft again .
tr	O	Nadine crouched down and pointed under the aircraft .
tr	O	They could see that not all the windows up here were open yet , but there was enough light coming in .
tr	O	Never cared so much for someone to the point of trusting them so fully .
tr	O	Hopefully this conference with the couples that Dr. Phelps had mentioned would start soon .
tr	O	My mother seemed to think that every woman in her thirties should be married with children .
tr	O	Not seen her approach ?
tr	O	I just looked at him .
tr	O	Rose cried , blushing at the thought of the Captain and unable to answer that particular accusation .
tr	O	I took her arm and we hurried as fast as we could to the main floor of the palace .
tr	O	Although I couldn 't say it came from any sort of rational plan .
te	O	It was sarcastic and harsh .
tr	O	Preston used his apron batons to direct and halt the aircraft , which was painted in silver and white , with air force insignia on its sides .
tr	O	Darkness crept into the corners of my eyes , and I fought it with every ounce of the strength I had left .
tr	O	One can never be too cautious about one 's honor .
tr	O	A silver ear cuff shaped like a dragon sat atop his left ear .
te	O	They were his brothers , his blood , not just some burdensome responsibility .
tr	O	He passed away in his crib before he turned one .
tr	O	Brynn didn 't even turn around from the window ; she kept drawing her triangles .
te	O	Which made him the perfect sexual fantasy .
tr	O	Knowing it was the right thing to do , she wrestled the crate from him .
te	O	The smell of the room was anything but fresh , and the walls were painted a deep rust color .
tr	O	I didn 't even know if Sam was home , but I walked out of the house and neither vampire tried to stop me .
tr	O	She couldn 't help but feel that Gary shouldn 't move back into his apartment so soon .
tr	O	With the clear sky , the only limitation was that of perception .
tr	O	Shelby 's eyes keep reading the phrase over and over , mouthing the words silently .
te	O	I took the time to wonder if the steam pipes running beneath Delphic helped heat the place .
te	O	She knew she could potentially die doing this , and she wondered if it was worth it .
tr	O	Devin appeared from nowhere , blocking her exit .
te	O	I know that we have a long way to go .
te	O	He 's never bothered .
tr	O	Lily 's eyes widened .
te	O	A lump stuck in my throat as my finger outlined the stem .
tr	O	Rent again would be late .
tr	O	They all laughed at the outright lie .
tr	O	CHAPTER 3 : Or not As soon as the bell rang , Trina tried to drag Rigel out of the room .
tr	O	Mia clenched her teeth and listened further to his narration .
tr	O	His tiny fist was shoved into his mouth and he made slurping noises as he tried to suck on it .
te	O	Zach pulled hard on the left oar to turn them right , toward the channel south , into the sun .
tr	O	The drumming sound pulled her closer .
tr	O	She knew she would have burst into flames like the wall if one of the fireballs had hit her .
tr	O	She was mocking Austin .
va	O	VI They were woken by Joe 's shouts shortly after midnight , followed by a rapid burst of gunfire .
tr	O	Damn , that 's a pretty sound .
tr	O	We all know what you 're like .
tr	O	You were the one who wanted to experience the unknown .
tr	O	Don 't get shot .
va	O	Charming pinned me with a hard look .
te	O	Only something like this could have convinced him to do what he did .
tr	O	You guys get into the van and get out of here when we get in the car .
tr	O	He stared at his father , his voice still tense with the unfamiliar adrenaline that Colby knew must still be rocketing through him .
tr	O	He had to get the barn door open and get Billy and himself out of the cold .
va	O	Jake leaned down to stare out the tunnel .
tr	O	I 've not been able to raise him since we got this news .
tr	O	Really , why should the FBI be so concerned ?
tr	O	Ronan and Lorcan are to the fore of the pack .
tr	O	As if in response , the more meaty areas of the slime twitched .
tr	O	Her thighs were crisscrossed with what must have been dozens , perhaps hundreds of scars , some fresh and pink , others faded and years old .
va	O	Her narrow cheeks had widened and her sharp chin broadened out .
tr	O	Heather was a strong woman ; she wouldn 't unravel so easily .
tr	O	But perhaps Father de la Croix is correct , and we 've witnessed a miracle of creation .
tr	O	What if her mother lay injured somewhere up here ?
tr	O	It was very old and its wretched look had made me leave it for last .
va	O	He finally took a chance and headed for the crash site .
tr	O	Clutching a cardboard tray containing her beer and hot dog , Morgan brushed up close to Travis and whispered in his ear .
te	O	* * * We drove straight into the city .
tr	O	I came to save you , Budda said .
tr	O	He could almost smell the gold !
tr	O	But she was clearly using sex to feel better .
tr	O	The bartender nodded towards the empty glass .
te	O	The baby kept crying .
tr	O	' It had fallen behind your work desk there , ' Mehmet said .
tr	O	He frowned and willed himself to wake up but he remained in the nothingness of wherever he was .
te	O	Janie kept one hand on the wall to guide her as her eyes adjusted to the darkness .
tr	O	With one finger he smoothed a strand of wet hair away from my face .
tr	O	His hand twitched as he shifted into fourth .
va	O	He was as lonely as the man in Friedrich ´ s painting .
tr	O	Do you mind all that ?
tr	O	Alma : Computers make music ?
te	O	Not wanting to spend more time than necessary inside the funeral home , Seth held out the remaining half of the dog biscuit .
te	O	It was a dumb idea , he was almost blinded .
tr	O	The fastening is removed , and one-half of the window , which opens like folding doors , is swung wide open upon its hinges .
tr	O	A large piece of the back end of our shuttle was missing , the metal above a row of seats breaking off and tumbling through the air .
tr	O	I gasp , and try to look back at him , but I can 't see him very well .
va	O	He was wearing the same aftershave as he had at the bar , she realized suddenly .
tr	O	I knew instantly that he had done or was planning to do something outrageous .
tr	O	Chapter 9 By the time Ellis had finished nailing the table to the door frame his clothes were drenched with sweat .
tr	O	That night we were going to be doing some night research .
te	O	They had , had an argument in the weeks prior , about how much their lives had changed since becoming parents .
tr	O	They also made an incredible team , tackling one room at a time .
te	O	The way I look now , though , he spends his time flirting with Dina .
va	O	I wondered how his lips would feel against my exposed neck .
tr	O	She noticed a tray of what looked like applesauce cups and a single paper cup .
tr	O	He opened his arms for me and I sat on his lap , nestling into his cool stone embrace .
tr	O	Back when we were kids , my parents took us to an amusement park , and Brady convinced me to go on the Ferris wheel with him .
tr	O	Her body slowed down .
tr	O	Now he saw no real way out .
tr	O	If you 've never seen the Isle of the Winds , you might think that the descriptions of it you 've heard are exaggerations .
tr	O	She could figure things out .
tr	O	She didn 't have any of the body aches as she expected .
tr	O	She 'd kept them in too long .
tr	O	He could at least remember that , but for now he just wanted to relax .
tr	O	I looked to the right .
tr	O	he yelled , knocking the fork out of her hands and tackling her , sending both of them sailing into the flour .
tr	O	Lyle wanted to tell the tree spirit to stick it where the sun doesn 't shine , but he sensed he was already treading on unsteady ground .
te	O	You belong here with me .
tr	O	He 's staring at me uncomfortably and it makes me fidget .
tr	O	I took off the chain from his wrist .
tr	O	There is refueling facilities on Fiery Cross Reef on the other nearby islands which belongs to China .
tr	O	I nodded , then finally asked the question I 'd been dying to ask all evening .
te	O	Books and aged jars filled shelves along with pictures of family members gone by .
tr	O	She felt her breath coming out in spurts as he continued to drive deeper into her .
tr	O	By the time he arrived home , the rumor was firmly entrenched , and it mattered little that he could produce witnesses that he was not here .
tr	O	Calliope asked it gently , clearly understanding what I was struggling with .
tr	O	the redhead left abruptly , her cheeks still flushed with unspoken frustration .
tr	O	After I was through scheming , I dragged my tired self to bed and slept hard but not long .
tr	O	Food wrappers , spillages of cereal and milk , and uneaten bread crusts were scattered across all available surfaces and parts of the floor .
va	O	Shut down some of my senses .
tr	O	The giant stared at my knife .
tr	O	Yes , I think I can make this work .
tr	O	The woman behind the bar looked at them with approval .
va	O	My exclamation burst forth involuntarily .
tr	O	He knew it was foolishness for him to have a crush on anyone , much less someone of such a high station .
tr	O	I came out from behind the counter .
te	O	Not just a garden like the ones folks in Gatlin grew their tomatoes in , out behind their swamp coolers .
tr	O	But he could not help himself , was too desperate , greedy .
tr	O	He refused to think she could be dead .
tr	O	I 'm having a blast .
te	O	I made sure everyone double-checked that they had everything they absolutely needed .
tr	O	Zoe had called him earlier to say she planned to gather her parents and give them the news .
tr	O	Straight ahead was the mission prep area , which backed on to a workout area and the indoor gun range .
te	O	Clary grabbed her stele off the top of a bookcase .
tr	O	His gaze registered the finger marks at her throat , but then jumped to do a thorough inspection of MaryAnn .
tr	O	Trying to distract myself from the bizarre errand I was now on , I concentrated on using my best penmanship .
tr	O	This information jogged another in her mind , igniting it with new relevance .
tr	O	As if reading my mind , Sofie began shouting obscenities at the group , provoking them , distracting them .
tr	O	Now we can 't go directly to Salt Lake from here .
tr	O	Before the ghost got in her .
va	O	The senior partners at the law firm seemed happy to give it to her .
tr	O	But you must do what I say .
te	O	Annie certainly hadn 't shed any tears over the breakup of that marriage .
tr	O	For a long moment , I forgot the others in the room and stared out at the busy New York streets below me .
tr	O	Ethan hadn 't noticed the door his first time here , but now he made a careful study .
va	O	I knew what that felt like .
tr	O	Lil spoke as if reading my mind .
tr	O	But she 'd learned , she realized .
va	O	Yeh already got lots of folks friendly to yeh .
va	O	Dale had reached the outskirts of town , where he felt more secure .
tr	O	He didn 't reach out for her again when he finished .
tr	O	Thomas read it over and frowned .
te	O	I cocked my head to the side when I saw the way his face blanked .
va	O	But Rhett was a smart guy .
tr	O	You need to shape the fuck up .
va	O	Chapter 3 Nate rounded the corner of Main Street and Union , his feet pounding the sidewalk .
tr	O	But at once we heard the bar being lifted , and the door opened .
tr	O	This was the nature of their business .
tr	O	She was just trying to come to terms with that when a police officer approached the back of the ambulance .
tr	O	There was only one light on outside the car but her mind slowly started to function .
tr	O	Why can 't they do that up in their room ?
tr	O	The lady was full of surprises .
tr	O	He shook his head angrily .
va	O	If I hadn 't had the string wrapped around my hand he 'd have been long gone .
tr	O	And pick the flesh from my bones , as he 'd said .
tr	O	With an oath , he turned and entered his own suite .
tr	O	The tiger crashed into the water a few yards away , missing its prey .
tr	O	I stand up and kiss her on the forehead .
te	O	If it changes us , then we have lost .
tr	O	Gwen looked up , blinking past her tears .
tr	O	Rushing to her side , he quickly lifts her into his lap , brushing the hair out of her face and praying she is still alive .
tr	O	Which is why when she leaned into the mike and introduced her next song , I was so incredibly surprised .
va	O	I nodded as we followed her into the master bedroom .
tr	O	Inside , thousands of people worked behind computer screens .
te	O	But some of them are love matches .
tr	O	Aubrey had that child on the brain .
va	O	All that talk about sleeping with a stranger made me feel uncomfortable .
tr	O	Now it felt like people were having a normal conversation .
va	O	It 's the only explanation .
tr	O	I slept like a lazy lizard in the sun between them .
te	O	Maybe Alicia had been like so much luggage , to be discarded as easily as the past when one 's foot was out the door .
tr	O	Jason had thought it cold earlier in the morning , but the temperature had continued to slowly drop throughout the day .
tr	O	She had been pouring through the thing for days , and one finger now marked a page .
tr	O	CM : Still , many say , it isn 't Black Lung .
tr	O	Garrett raised his palms in surrender .
te	O	She flashed a saucy little smirk at him .
tr	O	I slid Bryn 's chair out for her , but she was studying the pink roses on a bush by the wall closest to us .
tr	O	Darcie gave me a big thumbs up as I passed the library on my way to Smith 's office .
tr	O	Jack looked around the woods , his gaze darting frantically to the left and right .
tr	O	She hoped he 'd kiss her again .
te	O	This man who had been her enemy for so long .
tr	O	At times she even forgot the hurt of her broken engagement .
tr	O	Well , it would soon all be there .
tr	O	Pulling an afghan blanket over herself , Raina began to explain .
te	O	The woman purses her lips , but settles down next to the other two .
tr	O	Taking a few steps into the room he looked around .
tr	O	Surely one of them will come to me .
tr	O	Jack kept holding my hand , waiting for me to make up my mind .
tr	O	The seasons turned and the years went by , and Davon grew like a well-watered weed .
tr	O	It had to be at least two feet long .
tr	O	Clint slapped his hand hard over the boy 's mouth to keep him quiet .
tr	O	They still have their mages .
tr	O	She shifted her gaze to the house and noticed him in the window watching .
va	O	Come on upstairs and I 'll show you to your room .
tr	O	He 'd seen his wife face enemy fire without flinching , yet now her voice trembled from fear over ... what ?
va	O	Those empty halls and chambers became a battleground , and a region of brooding terror .
tr	O	Flawless skin that exquisitely emphasized and flattered the physical structure beneath .
tr	O	He shook his head in agreement and a small smile briefly crossed his lips .
tr	O	He was close to you once .
tr	O	Instead , there was nothing .
tr	O	Yes , I know that 's one of those seven deadly sins ?
tr	O	If my being psychically neutered meant his feelings for me had changed , he needed to tell me .
tr	O	I love listening in on Skyla 's thoughts .
tr	O	This woman had been trouble from the first day he 'd found her on her backside in front of her porch .
tr	O	So far , she 's fine .
tr	O	We lived off their cruelty though we can no longer walk their world and inhale in it .
tr	O	The elder used the nickname by which only those in the temple academy knew him .
tr	O	He paused , thinking , then sighed .
va	O	Lori was the tough one , able to take care of herself , sometimes taking care of Nikki .
tr	O	They spent the morning nailing down the number of cases out there .
tr	O	It was lower to the ground than he would have liked .
va	O	But the field of knowledge we were most likely to share with extraterrestrials was mathematics .
tr	O	The walls spun around me , and for a moment I forgot how to breathe .
te	O	Neither said more , their silence acknowledging the lie in their optimism .
tr	O	I think maybe James scared them away .
tr	O	I 'd have to come out of my own thoughts more often .
te	O	She answered on the third ring .
tr	O	Not when he loves her and not when she loves him back .
tr	O	Amy smiled and flipped the backpack upside down emptying the contents onto the bed .
tr	O	Willow knew this was unusual for a goblin since their skin is normally so thick and yellow , like they had permanent jaundice .
te	O	You did beat him up pretty well , Kane , so I don 't think bumping up the monthly payments to twenty-five grand is out of line .
tr	O	With an effort of will that was almost painful , Royce dragged his hand away and lifted his lips from her cheek .
tr	O	Women who wanted to win his interest invariably flaunted every charming asset they had .
tr	O	Sam looked from Cara to the walls , everywhere but at Mike .
tr	O	Luckily I was close to a dark alley .
va	O	I sighed and looked down .
tr	O	Philip and Elizabeth aren 't easy to get along with .
tr	O	Here , reddish dust rose in tiny puffs with each footfall , and the scent of pine was sharp .
tr	O	He looked dangerous now .
tr	O	She didn 't answer him , and he gave a frustrated sigh , leaving the room .
tr	O	Is that all right , Case ?
tr	O	She wouldn 't say who .
va	O	The chanting jacked up two decibels and I imagined Mikey and Tracy being strung up and stoned if the masses didn 't get their beer .
tr	O	He never said very much about that day , though .
tr	O	But it was clear she had no idea this was how he felt .
tr	O	I curled up on the sofa and thought about taking a nap myself .
tr	O	It would be so easy to just let go and drift away to a much more comfortable place .
tr	O	Their hands were unsteady as he unbuttoned her shirt and she tugged at his t-shirt , working her hands under the soft cloth onto his burning skin .
te	O	Doubtful , given the state of her yard , but I couldn 't think of another explanation .
tr	O	But it is the closest she has to a friend .
tr	O	My parents have been married for over thirty-four years .
va	O	To kill the Shadow , we might have to kill Sora .
tr	O	The leader let his machine gun dangle at his side as he grabbed Kelsey 's arm and shoved her roughly toward the opening .
tr	O	And a Black Widow and a Queen .
tr	O	She makes me feel so much better simply by being here .
tr	O	Keller gritted her teeth and felt a pain in her jaw that was getting familiar .
tr	O	They will defect en masse .
te	O	I needed to be alone .
va	O	He rolled her over , pulling her on top of him .
tr	O	On Monday she looked really nervous when she left .
tr	O	But I had given up that right when I had left her .
tr	O	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	O	Jenna closed her eyes and felt her heart break in two .
tr	O	She could only be seen from the west window , and then not easily .
tr	O	But they didn 't know about him .
tr	O	Coughing , he closed the carriage door and leaned back out of view .
va	O	He stepped closer to me , using the back of his palm to wipe the sweat off his forehead .
tr	O	Tessa closed her eyes and groaned .
tr	O	But he resisted offering a prayer to the gods for help .
tr	O	His future lay heavily on him here .
tr	O	I couldn 't have done it without you .
tr	O	Even if I 'd managed to think of a way to explain it I was sure he wouldn 't believe me anyway .
te	O	' How long were you with her ? '
tr	O	The woman within her just flat-out wanted to take him .
tr	O	She had never experienced anything like these feelings before .
tr	O	I very much wanted too annihilate the grand fur ball and could feel anger even though it was only a vision .
tr	O	Orrick closed the place a few years before she died and retired with a nice pension .
va	O	They think their shit don 't stink in that town .
tr	O	* He 'd fought .
te	O	He left me , and I was amazed .
va	O	After a few more bites , he and Liam appeared with another plate and a bowl of mashed potatoes .
tr	O	I simply couldn 't imagine you had completed the Word .
tr	O	Assuming they didn 't get chewed up and spit out by the firm , these junior associates would one day reach Sasha 's level .
va	O	I 've probably created enough work for him as it is .
tr	O	Knowing my party would stay overnight , I 'd packed casual clothes but nothing more .
tr	O	At the same time , it brought a purpose to his life .
va	O	Look , even if they aren 't planning to kill you , they know things they 're not telling you .
va	O	Suddenly , Kali was very hungry .
tr	O	Rome ignored their reactions .
tr	O	Richard quickly got out of his sleeping bag and followed Bella out to the overlook .
tr	O	Two wagons lay upside down on the roof of a local inn .
te	O	The barman rummaged around the bar underneath and pulled out an old dusty bottle .
tr	O	He had been married to Elizabeth years ago , but he didn 't know what Sarah 's reaction would be to him now .
tr	O	Toward the end she dove , rolling out onto the stone floor beyond the reach of the pitiless columns .
tr	O	Brian sighed and relaxed .
tr	O	Their Ben Franklin was likely more manly than the real one had ever been in life , played by a woman who was built like a linebacker .
tr	O	Nikki smiled slyly , and it was Lance who spoke again .
te	O	She tossed a box of Cracker Jacks at him .
tr	O	We did however share two common interests .
tr	O	I 'd say that Lennox 's brother-in-law being a throne keeper that I 'm supposed to extinguish is a big wrench .
tr	O	' A chaperone for you !
tr	O	She also had a slight murmur in her heart .
tr	O	Chapter 18 Bobbie Sue sat on the sofa , a blanket draped around her shoulders , a cup of hot tea cradled between her hands .
tr	O	Those nylons clung to her body , and her hips swayed as she moved towards me .
tr	O	Ryker clicked his cheek as he pulled off one glove .
va	O	If I can 't do it , nobody can ... But how ?
tr	O	Shot Camden straight in the chest .
tr	O	She yanked a robe off the ground where it had been left behind when one of the warlocks had disintegrated .
va	O	A loud tone screeched out of the suspended hand set , and a second later it dropped to the table .
tr	O	I love Vlad and I 'd gladly die for him .
tr	O	His voice rumbled across the water and I was immediately disappointed that he hadn 't asked about me .
tr	O	The end to my happiness .
va	O	He moved over her , claiming her body with his , driving his claim stake into her where no one ever had before .
tr	O	Galilee approached Beth tentatively .
tr	O	Leaving a message seemed too risky .
tr	O	He wanted this woman .
tr	O	All I can ask is that if you can 't control yourself for my sake , then think of your mother .
tr	O	He was still stunned , off balance .
tr	O	This was already painful enough .
tr	O	In this moment I need nothing more than March .
tr	O	Her fingers clenched tight upon him , her nails dug into his skin , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	I trusted him with my life .
tr	O	Make your enemy choke on it then ; it is still a matter of approach .
tr	O	And now she was leaning into him like some bloody wanton .
tr	O	Somehow knowing that she regretted the senseless loss of his horse made it seem somehow less painful .
tr	O	You have to leave me alone .
tr	O	I asked , tapping my bare foot on the carpet .
tr	O	Carl looked at the Mustang .
tr	O	The torn electrical wires were still whipping back and forth , turning the warehouse floor into a deadly sea of static .
tr	O	Gary nods and keeps talking .
tr	O	Let 's go to the stables .
tr	O	I 'd just told him what else I was doing .
tr	O	He pulled out a short whip and slashed it through the air , striking the philosopher across the face .
tr	O	A nurse came in and soon Suzy was floating again .
tr	O	Her mind spun , a revolving wheel of thoughts that spanned the length of her life .
tr	O	The type of brown that looked odd against dark skin , it was almost chocolate but not dark enough to blend in with her pupils .
tr	O	Jesse kissed my forehead and my cheeks , and then he brushed my lips with his , as if in benediction .
te	O	The rooftop luggage rack was decked out like an old living room .
tr	O	So we 'll sleep ... Not tonight .
tr	O	Her having a father that was a stern religious disciplinarian helped him enforce his dominance over the girl .
tr	O	And we didn 't want to lose our jobs or get thrown in the loony bin .
tr	O	I , on the other hand , was gasping for air .
tr	O	His dark eyes affixed on me .
tr	O	Wanted him with every fiber of her being .
tr	O	Kramer turned to him .
tr	O	Brielle traces a heart with her finger onto the hood of the jeep , then rubs the muck off on her jeans .
tr	O	If he hadn 't trusted her , she could work to prove herself to him , but how could she get him to believe in himself ?
tr	O	He forced his legs to move to the entrance of her bedchamber .
tr	O	He thought about calling out - maybe she was in the bathroom - but he didn 't want to appear desperate .
tr	O	But her attention was distracted from the task of putting a name to the scent when she heard a gentle creaking .
tr	O	A deep , all-consuming orgasm like that would be worth whatever bruises and soreness I had tomorrow .
tr	O	On one side she wore an ear dangle , a loop of thin twine strung with beads then hung over the ear .
tr	O	There was no mistaking it .
tr	O	I got it , so I didn 't try to find him .
tr	O	Quinton I messed up badly .
tr	O	He smiled and told the front desk to put him through .
tr	O	It noted a transfer to a new program , yet the program was unnamed .
tr	O	Strom tried to follow her , but she put a hand on his chest .
tr	O	And worse - no recollection of what had happened in this room .
tr	O	Early morning fog filled the streets .
va	O	It 's also important that you try to stay positive .
tr	O	I raised my voice .
tr	O	I 'd never seen this girl before , but something about her had ignited a feeling of warmth inside of me .
tr	O	Luther gave him a knowing look .
te	O	It was something he never wanted to hear again .
te	O	I slipped behind him ever so quietly and shot the bastard in the back of my head with my Webley .
tr	O	We walked toward a wide staircase and descended it .
tr	O	Thirty years of hard work was about to reach its conclusion .
tr	O	She suddenly looked over at her shoulder , but at what Zook couldn 't guess .
tr	O	Balthazar smiled at me , but I could tell he mostly wanted to be alone .
tr	O	Operation : No More Meredith 1 .
va	O	It was a fatherly gesture that sent a wave of warmth through Jake 's body .
tr	O	I hope you two will make up as well if you haven 't already .
tr	O	She stood and Mitch escorted her to the door .
te	O	A pleasure that went from sensational to shattering as he dipped his head even lower and sucked one nipple between his lips .
tr	O	He slipped his hand off my cheek , placing it over where mine rested against his chest .
va	O	Kai asked , and suddenly the sword was free from her throat .
tr	O	Misty emerged into the basement , blinking at full afternoon sunlight .
tr	O	She heard the creak of leather , and then Michael was on one knee next to the chair .
tr	O	Tail , claw , fangs , and flame , you are mine .
tr	O	His name the payee .
tr	O	It was easy to love Jules .
tr	O	Adolf held out his hands to deliver a death grip .
tr	O	I knew without a doubt he was the man I would marry and he would someday be the father of my children .
tr	O	You won 't find enough food or water to withstand a siege , which is why I won 't take us all up there .
tr	O	I sat down where I was .
tr	O	In the dark and with his eyes shut , he did a slow inventory of their bodies , trying to find if their skin touched anywhere .
tr	O	His voice is rough with emotions long held back .
tr	O	The Lord Ruler ... he was just a delay .
tr	O	Celeste answered and Jake merely nodded .
te	O	It was a place Lil and he decided so long ago .
tr	O	Not that Mark could have deciphered it ; the screamed warning was so high pitched , a dog would have had trouble hearing it .
tr	O	The guys here might be wealthy , but they were still males .
tr	O	What would he do when they finally embraced ?
tr	O	He kissed her as if he would never get enough of her .
te	O	With things falling apart for Lea , Ciara decided that it was time to move on .
tr	O	They 'd have to apprentice someone else to pick up the kitchen after him , though .
tr	O	Taro turned back to the front , taking hold of the steering wheel and looking over the sleek dashboard and all its controls .
tr	O	It 's funny how two simple words can send her into a frenzy of typing on her tablet .
te	O	And it had nothing to do with the way she had books and papers stacked up everywhere .
tr	O	It focused on the fundamental differences between pondering and curiosity .
tr	O	With a hard expression , he raises my arm and flicks the hospital band .
tr	O	Her smile was broad and radiant , filled with a kindness that seemed to radiate from deep within her .
tr	O	She had to in this profession , especially as a young woman .
tr	O	Seeing her puzzled look , Marja smiled .
tr	O	Asking questions was what always got me in trouble .
tr	O	Dear Frank I am so pleased to hear from you .
tr	O	But he wasn 't willing to give up on Emma yet .
te	O	Madhu screamed as we grabbed an available high top with four stools .
tr	O	Do you hear me ?
tr	O	The difference here was that there was some evidence to back up the stories .
va	O	the colossal reptile scrambled backwards and then shook its head furiously , flicking its tongue over its eye , trying to deliver relief .
tr	O	He was about to pronounce the summary of his thoughts on the matter , but John spoke first .
tr	O	Scorch was chasing after a set of twins as they ran around the house .
tr	O	She touches the wool curtain , smiling .
tr	O	We formed the Welch Corporation .
te	O	Cold and flat , I knew those eyes had seen evil that I couldn 't even imagine .
tr	O	Sara left Callie almost as conflicted as when she arrived .
tr	O	You want my parents to assume this baby was conceived artificially .
tr	O	His opinion wasn 't the one I cared about .
tr	O	I just hoped Stryker would play his part .
tr	O	My plan must succeed !
te	O	He was losing blood .
tr	O	Your skill is in your head , in the way you look at the world and see the things other men miss .
tr	O	I don 't know if she expected me to leap in and try to stop her , or if she was just checking to see my reaction .
tr	O	Even as he said it , he knew the comment sounded contrived and evasive .
tr	O	The old duke hadn 't even known of the existence of the place .
tr	O	I zipped my mouth shut .
tr	O	It was Rufus who responded while drawing a long curved dagger out of his belt .
tr	O	Again his companion 's hands loosened their grip on the reins .
tr	O	As he left the room , he saw a reluctant child crawling under the bedclothes and put his head on his pillow .
tr	O	Things went pretty good there for a while .
te	O	Now mostly what I notice about her is that she and her sisters have no last name , a strange and extravagant thing just about anywhere .
te	O	The address she had was ll Rue Dauphine in the Latin Quarter .
tr	O	Knowing your mother would know what you were doing was pretty inhibiting sexually .
tr	O	Though this wasn 't as bad as some .
tr	O	Jeni held the figure out .
tr	O	He was grinning like a crazy man , but that changed when he saw my face .
tr	O	These weren 't corpses .
va	O	Samara felt a sudden flutter in his stomach .
tr	O	I 'd forgotten how dark and commanding they can be , like precious onyx stones .
tr	O	Colin offered Scarlett her opening , not taking his eyes from Sibyl .
tr	O	He eased his h * ps down and sighed in relief .
tr	O	His family would disown him if they ever found out .
te	O	As she came around the corner , she saw her .
tr	O	Could he suspect what she and her friends had done to Tabitha in Jamaica ?
tr	O	She didn 't look at him .
tr	O	She loved me , and I loved her .
tr	O	He exploded through the last line of trees as the scream died and stumbled toward a chasm .
tr	O	whispered Olmec , livid , while the others crouched in speechless horror .
tr	O	Nora took a deep breath .
tr	O	She didn 't leap up in excitement as they turned for the gall op to the winning post .
tr	O	It smells wonderful , but something pokes the corner of my mouth .
te	O	He wasn 't standing by my decision to keep the baby .
tr	O	Tattered clothes and frayed backpacks told the story of a life on the run .
tr	O	She was very pretty and sophisticated , and she was studious as she worked over the papers spread before her .
tr	O	Jared watched speechless as the wriggling creature was hauled into the air , squealing and kicking madly , trying to prise free of the grip .
tr	O	Emily chirped innocently , pushing into the ice cream shop .
te	O	The pain was unbearable ... worse even than the pain of childbirth .
tr	O	While the battle of the Red Dawn was a victory , we still have a long way to go on our journey toward peace .
tr	O	The door was opened for her and she climbed back inside -- her face a mask , hard to read .
tr	O	Was I really going to allow him to dictate who I cared about ?
va	O	She took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway .
te	O	' Pirates have attacked the town .
tr	O	' We have only just established that anything is possible .
tr	O	I 'll see them die .
te	O	Noah stretched and took his time answering .
tr	O	The blood soaked through during the night making his bandage almost completely red .
tr	O	Friendly fire was blamed for the worst causality rate of its kind in US history .
tr	O	Bex walked casual y across the room , stopping a couple of feet from me .
tr	O	Satisfied , he put an arm under Shotgun 's arm and helped the dwarf to his feet .
tr	O	Asked Lea with a smile .
tr	O	His mouth drops to my throat .
tr	O	If you 're in the shower , take it into the bathroom .
tr	O	How his ranch was one of the biggest in the county and he 'd left his marriage and Los Angeles to carry on the family tradition .
va	O	Through the opening she could see a man in a white dress shirt with a black bowtie waiting to seat her .
tr	O	And he would probably have to kill Racer to do it .
te	O	Dwight went to the side of the table and pointed to the box .
tr	O	His face changed as he mentioned Ito .
tr	O	Had the ancient ones rested their elbows like that on stone railings ?
tr	O	A police car pulled up .
tr	O	He was so relieved as he watched Jim on the altar that he almost started to cry .
tr	O	Harper looked up , and her features settled into a scowl .
va	O	He squinted a little as he looked again to confirm that walking his way were three people of western appearance .
te	O	With the exception of his wife and Vane a few seconds ago , Dante never touched an Arcadian by choice .
tr	O	Spirit was a troubling element to the Alchemists , mostly because we had so few records of it .
tr	O	Tom and Jenny blankly stared at their plates .
va	O	Today has been bad enough already .
tr	O	Tilly nodded and sank back into the bushes .
tr	O	That was , like , the best I could dish out .
tr	O	A pothole in the shoulder marked off exactly one mile away from her house .
va	O	Unlike most guys , who shuffled back and forth like Frankenstein 's monster , Zach danced like a pro .
tr	O	Almost like something was being dragged .
tr	O	Maynard could barely follow her movements from under the wagon as she walked around the camp .
va	O	Grab some of the boys and beat it over to the Veal mill .
tr	O	Darius turned the radio on and flipped the channel until he hit the vintage station .
tr	O	Behind us were Lissa 's other mates .
tr	O	A need is building low in my stomach and I feel like I 'm going to combust .
tr	O	Then a smile slowly flashed in his face .
tr	O	A sailor 's cry broke in on his thoughts .
tr	O	Dean directed his attention to Michael .
te	O	Dornan steps out of the shadows , and I jump minutely , unaware that he 's been watching the entire time .
tr	O	Still , he often drew second glances here , not because he was white .
tr	O	Jordan now recognized it as a silver chain whip .
va	O	Dean went to see who .
te	O	Shutting his eyes , he tried to fantasize about someone -- anyone else -- but all that came to mind was Adela .
tr	O	I nodded and left his portion of the tent , going out to my front section .
tr	O	Morgan 's chariot awaited .
tr	O	The fake wood paneling ?
va	O	I seriously don 't understand why he 's going through all this trouble .
tr	O	Derek considered himself a brave man , but the hair on the back of his neck stood up when he heard Chancey 's inhuman growl .
tr	O	It will be so hard for me , but I can fight this , I know I can !
tr	O	I waited in my room for over an hour , hoping Genevieve and Riley would leave .
tr	O	Something inside Lillian relaxed a little .
tr	O	She 'd meant the easy way Sean disarmed her , the way he turned what made her angry into something wonderful he 'd done for her .
tr	O	It was Leslie 's elderly aunt who explained to the child that there would be no custody battle .
tr	O	Digby says in his diary that his relative had huge chunks of the villa left intact and transported that way .
tr	O	I only knew three things about him .
tr	O	But the sick feeling in my gut as I tried to gauge his moods ?
va	O	She was the first thing that came to his mind .
tr	O	She reminded them to pick up their rooms , helped them with their homework , and always prompted them to bring their dishes to the sink .
te	O	My mother looked worried .
te	O	On Daisy it fitted snugly against her hips .
tr	O	Bruce gingerly held her hand and placed his other around her waist .
tr	O	What if Miranda or Katie saw him ?
tr	O	There 's no answer .
tr	O	I grab a napkin and try to sop up the water on my seat , my body still uncoordinated from adrenaline .
tr	O	Jason couldn 't identify it , but he knew it came from inside Rodney 's body .
tr	O	Grace studied Pearl for a moment , she seemed fine now , back to her old self .
tr	O	Her gaze traveled down his broad back .
tr	O	Sawyer tried to grab my shirt , to stop me , but I pushed her hands away and hurriedly backed up ... onto the court .
tr	O	Did this mean that he should abort his mission ?
te	O	Having smothered the generous platter with salt , pepper and vinegar , Adams began gorging on the ' fresh from the fryer ' battered cod and chips .
tr	O	The dangling fabric parted around a woman waiting on a backless couch .
tr	O	Emma hadn 't cared much for marriage at the time .
tr	O	Only what I think .
te	O	I was tucked in a corner opposite him , his feet only inches from me .
tr	O	We were approaching the doctor .
tr	O	Although I 've hired the best team around , I don 't trust the care she 's under .
te	O	Had she traveled alone ?
tr	O	Anyway , they looked rather small .
tr	O	You saw how my clothes were .
tr	O	Searching her eyes , he saw the lingering terror in them , a sort of unfamiliar vulnerability .
te	O	It 's something to show the children .
tr	O	She 'd done something about it .
tr	O	David points to the lead engine and they run for it .
tr	O	But we weren 't good men or good women back then .
tr	O	A choking sensation washed over me as I looked down at my dress .
tr	O	Fire dances around her in a perfect circle , taunting both Logan and me because we can 't reach her .
tr	O	It was a home with a view , the small , two bedroom cottage with a wraparound porch .
tr	O	Oakes lay on his back on a brown woven mat .
te	O	He turned his head .
tr	O	I did , while the old priest listened .
tr	O	From there I started writing a series of short stories about a group of kids who crash land on an alien planet .
tr	O	We got the ball on our own 15 yard line with 85 yards to go .
tr	O	We don 't want to admit we 're trying to make them jealous .
tr	O	She knew he wouldn 't bring harm to any of them , but that 's all she knew .
te	O	And , finally , with a resigned sigh , some answers .
te	O	Blake headed back toward the front of the mountain .
tr	O	The coroner and the sheriff conversed privately .
tr	O	He was willing to die .
tr	O	Chris and Duff opened their eyes and groaned at the brightness from the work lights that were on in the pub .
tr	O	But she shook her head .
te	O	But there was no sign of Elizabeth .
te	O	A handful of Acolytes broke for the ruined Speaker Wall , but the jumbled black blocks impeded their getaway .
tr	O	She popped the key in the door , and opened it .
tr	O	I bit back the urge to address the contradiction .
tr	O	Matthew is gasping for air .
tr	O	He stood up straight and shook his head .
tr	O	he asked , and she shook her head .
tr	O	Pressed , pristine , soft , white and it fits me perfectly .
tr	O	Now he had to erase her memory of him before she woke and remembered her dream .
tr	O	He did not want his Empire to crumble , when he lay on his deathbed .
tr	O	And he sounded scared .
tr	O	The layers of down and assorted shirts and sweaters and wet denim blocked him from what he wanted .
tr	O	Max had built an electromagnetic interference generator .
tr	O	From that point on , Ironside treated him like royalty .
tr	O	Was I still alive ?
te	O	Cooking after the sun sets is off-limits .
tr	O	He seemed so indistinct , even with the prescence his voice and eyes commanded .
tr	O	She sat with another girl and a guy , but body language said they were just friends .
tr	O	The choice of words surprised her , for everything she 'd owned was now his by law , or would be once the marriage was consummated .
tr	O	She hadn 't peed since they 'd arrived , too horrified that the police officers could be watching her on a hidden camera .
tr	O	I realize he just gave me a clue .
tr	O	Every step backwards was punctuated with a piercing punch that rent the creature with his claws .
tr	O	With an Imperial Summons in his hand , Sage was likely to do anything .
te	O	There were no prints on the way to the kitchen and no lights within .
tr	O	Wraith kept moving forward .
tr	O	I had no idea how to shoot .
va	O	When he came out of her bedroom , Annie had already poured herself a glass of white wine .
va	O	He nodded and stood up .
tr	O	She looked like a person having a pleasant dream , a soft smile on her lips .
tr	O	A note of panic crept into my voice .
tr	O	Then she double steps up and Air Force One 's doors finally are closed .
tr	O	And they 'd shared one statement and a brief handshake .
tr	O	Eventually , our imaginations would prove not so far-fetched .
va	O	Guests will be arriving all day .
tr	O	His eyes were no longer blue but rather dark and sunken .
tr	O	Tricky enough that even Noah 's kisses couldn 't completely eradicate it .
tr	O	Albert is a college dropout .
tr	O	She will have peace ?
tr	O	She couldn 't be distracted by anything .
tr	O	Nothing like a couple shots of whiskey or scotch to take that edge off and make the guilt and pain go away .
tr	O	The woman 's words echoed in her head .
tr	O	Then , she would turn to a compass heading of 106 degrees magnetic and sail the remaining distance at an estimated average speed of 6.2 knots .
tr	O	There were so many questions she had about the place she 'd landed after her trip through time .
tr	O	His usual confident expression was absent .
tr	O	The war we propose will not be ours alone .
tr	O	Kristy sighed and rubbed her face in frustration as she paced in front of him .
tr	O	Is this the future of the Republic ?
tr	O	She let out a devilish breath and turned her head to look at him .
tr	O	His next words soft , seductive .
tr	O	A work in progress , Jacob had called it .
tr	O	Joe 's thoughts drifted becoming more complicated that he would have liked so he pulled out of them .
tr	O	Compared to the entrance hall , this room felt oppressing and tight .
te	O	It wasn 't Chandler who answered the door .
tr	O	Her name was Heather Curtis .
te	O	Apparently it was time to go .
te	O	Chapter 9 : Random Acts of Powerhouse Powerhouse flew up to the Heating Assistance Office .
tr	O	Alec ran toward him , shouting , too late to use the stun gun .
te	O	White sand turned into pale blue water that slowly darkened as it stretched out toward the horizon .
tr	O	But soon she broke up with her boyfriends .
te	O	We only had to intersect with the Earth dimension for a few minutes .
tr	O	I know this because there would be explosions often if say a bear would stumble in there .
te	O	I watch them every day with pleasure .
tr	O	She looked like it had been her down there .
tr	O	Drake seemed to absorb that .
tr	O	She remains seated . '
tr	O	She did not judge or disparage , his already negligible assets were not further diminished .
tr	O	I had to sit down and tell the whole story over pancakes and everyone exclaimed how lucky I was to be alive .
tr	O	Faces weren 't built to handle such confusion .
tr	O	He relaxed somewhat , thawed by the smell of hot food , the bright living room , the pretty woman sitting across from him .
va	O	The shrill ring of his mobile phone pulled Nick out of his daydream .
tr	O	When I turn onto our street , Will 's car is in his driveway .
tr	O	An army of past meals pressed its way toward him , ready to devour him in his turn .
tr	O	Her monster seemed to be badly hurt as well .
tr	O	Footage was cutting from the riot scene outside the hospital , to the news anchor , to the live images from inside the building .
te	O	And now that you 've got your answers , I want to find out what you know about my sister 's disappearance .
va	O	It was too much input .
tr	O	The deputies , caught off guard , were slow to raise and fire their weapons .
tr	O	It sent goose bumps racing over my skin .
tr	O	Show me anything you want but not ... that I 'm not good enough .
va	O	Aden isn 't as nice as you think .
tr	O	Once inside she steered me to the couch and left me there for a moment , coming back almost immediately with the last of our tequila .
tr	O	Julie drummed her fingers against the cup .
tr	O	She was still trying to deal with the double impact of that kiss along with sitting next to this extremely large , overly muscular man .
tr	O	I didn 't want to .
tr	O	The door opened with a click .
te	O	My dad would wrap his arms around me and squeeze me as tight as he could as we counted down .
tr	O	Harper turned from me and vomited all over the pavement .
va	O	On a good night , that is .
tr	O	I poked an elbow behind me .
va	O	How far have they traveled ?
tr	O	We headed for the black tinted van , the only automobile I had in this garage .
tr	O	Ashamed when she should only be proud of what she had accomplished , thriving amid darkness , as Olivia had said .
tr	O	Wasn 't a rotted corpse .
tr	O	It was better to be in no relationship , than to be in a bad one .
tr	O	I don 't think I 'd ever noticed , let alone liked the way a guy smelled before .
va	O	Tony nodded and hurried off .
tr	O	They must still be asleep .
tr	O	With every last drop of strength left in his body , Michael squeezed as hard as he could .
tr	O	He and I both knew that I did .
tr	O	Nick and Jimmy both smiled as they let go of each other 's hands .
tr	O	His voice was filled with regret and pain .
tr	O	He loved tall women , especially if they were confident in their height .
tr	O	Olivia almost never cries , and she 's usually so together that I rarely have to comfort her .
tr	O	He stood for a moment in renewed doubt .
tr	O	It was bare bones .
va	O	Leave the volunteers to the site work .
te	O	I took a drink and tasted nothing .
tr	O	' We are wanted in kitchen soon , Marco .
tr	O	She didn 't know the meaning of the word .
tr	O	The idea distressed me .
tr	O	The roads were full of trucks , hauling gravel , hauling fill , mixing concrete , feeding the work zones ' appetites .
tr	O	Nick 's voice was hoarse , even to his own ears .
tr	O	Worrying ourselves to death wasn 't helping anyone .
va	O	He turned his head within my grasp just enough to kiss my palm .
tr	O	I 'd been in a curled up position , having fallen over in the floor the minute the sun had come up , almost .
tr	O	Tim smiled at Jacqueline .
tr	O	Christian sat up straight as my eyes met his .
tr	O	But I can 't change the fact that my dad died before I was born .
tr	O	He didn 't look amused , and I tried not to roll my eyes .
tr	O	I needed to tell her about Ashlyn , and I guess now 's as good as time as any .
tr	O	Especially when she was beginning to experience more desire than fear now that they were out in the relative safety of the public .
va	O	Pulling in behind it , she smiled when she saw Shirley and Donna sitting at one of the tables near the window .
te	O	I got the feeling mentioning it was just his way of reiterating he thought he knew me .
tr	O	He was a large figure in fatigues with a crew cut accompanied by a huge German Shepherd .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and willed my heart not to leap out of my mouth .
tr	O	Graham might die today .
tr	O	Josh and Grace followed them .
va	O	His arm clamped over her thighs .
va	O	I sighed at the thought of a giant hole in my grass but pointed to a spot in the corner .
tr	O	He opened the book , thumbed through several pages then ran a finger down a column of figures .
te	O	You 're in command of the most sophisticated surveillance system I 've ever seen .
tr	O	She found herself gaping at Mary Ann , nearly choking on her protest .
tr	O	I hate a treadmill .
va	O	I gave Elizabeth a pleading look and led the way to the top of the bleachers .
tr	O	He sat down next to me , our knees touching as seriousness once again crept into his eyes .
te	O	My words reverberate around me .
va	O	He would cop every region and every year since railways began !
tr	O	She felt other cats joining , their voices forming into a telepathic babble .
tr	O	I mean we , re talking cannibalism here .
tr	O	The masked man nodded and so Justus did the same , revealing his own mark .
tr	O	Keeley shivered and gathered her arms around her .
tr	O	Not that that was the end of it .
tr	O	She listened at the door .
tr	O	Would I someday lose my ability to empathize and comfort , too ?
tr	O	The first thought that came to his mind cautioned him not to waste time trying to lie to her .
tr	O	He jerks his head in the direction we were heading and I turn , following his gaze into the trees ahead of us .
tr	O	My tone grew angry .
tr	O	They hadn 't even asked him to come along .
tr	O	Then beside her , Seth stood , reaching for her hand .
tr	O	Instantly , I felt the adrenaline of the crowd wash over me .
tr	O	To prove that she has nothing to hide .
tr	O	He was awfully young to be in a PhD program , and high intellect seemed to be another quirk of the successful serial killer .
tr	O	He 'd never seen a bird with green eyes before .
te	O	I looked at the police officers ; they were looking over at the broken window and one of them walked over to it .
te	O	He listened to the water running in the other room , knew it sprayed over her bare skin .
tr	O	And they drank their beers like friends that had known each other for years .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed , and a cold , deadly look settled over his features ; moving silently , he began trailing Ellis .
tr	O	Then she checked the front room .
va	O	Sean closes the space between us and presses his body against mine .
tr	O	The flames smash out of my hands , and my chest tightens , as I keep them lit , starting to feel weak .
tr	O	Hugh was astonished at the transformation four years had wrought on her character .
tr	O	Not because it seemed Kelly was everyone 's golden child .
tr	O	And we don 't even need to go so far .
te	O	Even after they saw who it was and what he wanted the expressions on their faces didn 't change .
tr	O	He stared at her face , her eyes , her hair .
te	O	But it hardly matters .
tr	O	There could be a dozen explanations .
tr	O	He could have made her understand , made her see why he had done what he did .
tr	O	Richard Speck engaged in several episodes of brutal violence before he killed eight nurses .
tr	O	Jain looked at Eduard .
va	O	He splashed some gas in that , too .
tr	O	There was an audible gasp .
tr	O	Sal had started to turn away , but at her defiance , he stopped and turned towards her .
tr	O	If they fought , Lorraine would surely wound or kill him .
tr	O	Still , Gabriel was never too far from my thoughts .
tr	O	Sitting at a stoplight I struggled with the ring again , using my nails to try to pry it off , but it did nothing .
tr	O	Suddenly , there was some sort of vibration ; a rumble above them , followed by a resounding explosion .
tr	O	But when did I ever say I 'd take it easy ?
tr	O	If someone gave him a breathalyzer right now , it 'd beep louder than a fire alarm .
tr	O	' Someone tipped off the press about that so they couldn 't do anything about it .
tr	O	Because it was so damn good she wanted to do it forever .
tr	O	First game 's in six weeks .
te	O	And if she had to fight him for custody ... Maybe marriage was the best course to take .
tr	O	Carrying four people on his back was a chore of determination for the great dragon , yet he refused to give up .
tr	O	She put as much sincerity into her tone as she could , never allowing her gaze to drop .
tr	O	' Thanks , ' Calvin said giving her his biggest smile .
va	O	She was sitting at the next table , a paperback in front of her .
tr	O	A trickle of fear seeped into her .
te	O	She walked over to the table and grabbed the big man 's arm .
tr	O	He took a deep breath and bent down to lay his lips on hers .
tr	O	Make you a moving target ?
tr	O	A frown creased his forehead .
te	O	He kept watching her .
tr	O	I 'm not even using my Telepathy to send messages , words or images into Rann 's mind .
te	O	Naturally I had hoped to see it for myself .
te	O	' Return to base .
va	O	She concentrated for a moment , then slowly moved her hand to guide Oliver 's finger .
tr	O	It would have made quite a reality show .
tr	O	A grown man couldn 't easily hide in the lab .
tr	O	Why didn 't she come into the sitting room as protocol called for ?
tr	O	Lora 's eyes scanned the room and marveled at the modern delights .
tr	O	He tapped the jar with the pen Stuart had discarded .
tr	O	It 's supposed to be a dark and perilous journey you go on , but I think Nick 's right and you 'd better stick around here .
tr	O	Yet she was unable to suppress a grin at Bianca 's eagerness to watch her call Dare .
tr	O	That sharp flare of pain made him realize how much he cared for her .
tr	O	We had Art last period , but Jason was in our class and whatever it was , she didn 't want to discuss it with him around .
tr	O	The ground was smooth and slick .
tr	O	He closed the door behind him and a sad smile touched his lips .
va	O	She frowned as she held up a brown leather wallet .
tr	O	Then she walked back and sat in another chair ... and they both waited for Melissa Kumar .
tr	O	Though delivered casually , I register the intent quality of the question .
te	O	Thought Luisa , who wasn 't expecting that to happen because she won most of her fights with a single punch .
tr	O	It was the tub , however , that enchanted Shay .
tr	O	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	O	Watching as Carly moved one leaf around the plate , he surmised that she wasn 't any more hungry than he .
va	O	He kissed me again , but I didn 't let him deepen it .
tr	O	We spend the rest of the afternoon debriefing from our jumps .
tr	O	The last person to wield the hand of flesh had been my father .
tr	O	I tried to get a picture from the door , but it ran off before I had the chance .
tr	O	My heart was stressed , my limbs felt numb , and I wasn 't sure how much more horror I could take .
tr	O	I must find my way back to the shade ; the noon sun is too strong for me these days . '
tr	O	The great tree in the center towered over them with its branches twisting into a canopy of leaves overhead .
tr	O	And that changed everything .
va	O	Maybe she had something there .
va	O	Ashe didn 't have many listed in his email address book so he set about transferring those to a new email address and deleting his old one .
tr	O	Was I having a stroke ?
tr	O	She slammed the phone against his beefy chest as he stared down at her in surprise .
tr	O	She hesitated a few seconds , and although there was still a mischievous glint in her eyes , I detected a little nervousness too .
tr	O	He rushes towards me , along with a few of the others .
tr	O	His body is lean but surprisingly muscular .
va	O	Nor had she expected the adrenaline rush to be quite so potent the second time .
tr	O	He studies a small object , turning it over in his thick hands .
tr	O	Vaguely Matthew registered someone taking his vitals , hands cleaning his temple and applying a bandage .
va	O	I would find out eventually one way or the other , but until then - A hand clamped over my mouth .
te	O	Ewan blew out his breath , his eyes as dark as a winter storm .
tr	O	Samson smiled at his joke , and I pretended not to suddenly hate what I did every night .
tr	O	Evelyn and I both knew him and so did Nicole .
tr	O	She really hated herself right now for all she was asking of Liam .
tr	O	CHAPTER SIXTEEN After an exhausting day and night at the hospital it was with relief that Golden finally witnessed Claire open her eyes .
tr	O	He didn 't sound too happy to hear from me .
tr	O	His mom was hesitant to let him walk home from school .
tr	O	The tank is surprisingly fast , surprisingly swift and stealthy .
tr	O	I was an orphan .
tr	O	A long while passed while he snacked and finished his numeric breakdown .
tr	O	I don 't have any money , and this farm , if you can call it that now , is all I have left .
tr	O	Gray didn 't argue .
tr	O	It got into everything , her bed , the food , even the water .
tr	O	Tonight something cold and alcoholic suited his temperament .
tr	O	He seemed very happy .
tr	O	Just saying Logan 's name sent a flood of emotions through Melody .
tr	O	She laced her fingers through the grate and yanked it free .
tr	O	He will my shield and portion be , As long as life endures .
te	O	The trees even smell different , sending a sharp tang in the air I can taste on my tongue .
tr	O	If he believed that , then he was well and truly insane .
tr	O	A silent scream of agony slammed through my skull , spread through my veins , and paralyzed my body .
te	O	I only got calls at that hour when there was a problem at my lab .
tr	O	Rafe leaned closer to the screen .
te	O	It was better to concede defeat now .
tr	O	Turning back to Alex , she gave him an ' all clear ' signal .
tr	O	They 'd get really bad when I was sick .
tr	O	When there was enough distance between them , she turned around .
tr	O	Jon shook his head , hopelessly this time , as if she was asking the impossible .
va	O	She faced her new world with the same lack of fear she had faced her former life .
tr	O	Mortimer thought it would definitely come in handy .
tr	O	He 's the one who put you through a ridiculous test .
tr	O	Her sister shook her head .
tr	O	His mouth found hers , and he kissed her the way he 'd longed to do all week .
tr	O	Think back , I know that it was a few hundred years ago , but it 's not something you forget , ever !
tr	O	Gabriel grasped Francesca and shook her gently .
tr	O	An explanation would have to wait until later .
tr	O	The lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago .
va	O	I don 't deserve to live !
te	O	The differences were as striking as the similarities .
tr	O	You can get lost in this site with the data .
tr	O	Kara waved her fingers .
tr	O	the other demanded , thrusting his face aggressively much too close , almost nose to nose .
tr	O	Silence fell over the room as Odin raised his arms .
tr	O	That however , didn 't mean that they couldn 't volunteer for such well-paid work .
tr	O	Seeing Matara before all this happened would have brought tears to your eyes .
te	O	They both grinned at the memory of a White Sox game two years before when they had been visiting Chicago .
tr	O	Son of a bitch .
tr	O	I told bits and pieces of my story to anyone who would listen .
tr	O	She always called them by name , starting with the oldest , when she wanted to get through to them .
va	O	And he had scolded her , again , for being so defensive .
tr	O	She reached for some fruit .
tr	O	She moved her shoulders experimentally .
tr	O	Just a few years , he said .
tr	O	He pulled me closer , seeming to ignore how I stepped all over his feet .
tr	O	A cat moved in a much smoother , rolling gait than a horse , and she had become quite accustomed to it over the past two years .
tr	O	It was too much too fast , images from our mothers and fathers and their ancestors of royal blood .
te	O	That suited her just fine ; the simple binding had made the book that much easier to pull apart .
tr	O	He really believed it wouldn 't go that far with the things he had planned .
te	O	So much for secrecy .
tr	O	And They would have no mercy .
tr	O	If I didn 't know better , I would have thought he seemed embarrassed .
te	O	He considered whether he should awaken her to eat , but when he gently shook her shoulder , again , she didn 't even twitch .
va	O	To all appearances Gollum was genuinely distressed and anxious to help Frodo .
tr	O	She 'd picked up the little girl and dropped her off four hours later , with only a minimal exchange of words with Bruce .
te	O	I took a few steps toward the couch and sank down onto it , my heart still racing .
tr	O	I wriggle out of my pack and check the crossbow to make sure it 's loaded .
tr	O	Her mother-in-law 's eyes filled with sympathy .
tr	O	Claire nods her head in agreement .
tr	O	The question startled her enough that she lifted her head from his shoulder .
tr	O	He had a terrible temper .
tr	O	Goes with the territory .
tr	O	Her eyes shone like a cat 's .
tr	O	They 're going to come for us ... Some of you have heard that because you were listening in when they discussed it .
va	O	A young man with a slight build and light brown hair strode toward Gideon .
tr	O	He 's ripped and his skin is smooth and incredibly warm .
tr	O	Perfect , and so deliciously sweet .
tr	O	I was amazed by the stillness .
tr	O	It must have been in the dead of winter , but she recognized Greenpoint Avenue in the memory .
tr	O	Finan woke just after dawn .
tr	O	I felt like I was watching a car crash in slow motion , only I was actually in the car .
te	O	Her mouth curved in a wry , lopsided smile , but she felt no humor .
tr	O	No matter how pathetic and crazy it would be .
tr	O	That was super nice .
te	O	He was entranced by it .
tr	O	You have to be quick with figures .
tr	O	When he was done , a satisfied look warmed his face and he returned the device to Camille .
tr	O	' You shouldn 't ask to be taken , ' she said .
va	O	At that point the fashionista stood up , folded her camping stool , and moved to the opposite side of the arena away from the riffraff .
tr	O	After all they 're changing your underlying gene code .
tr	O	Everybody was being absolutely brilliant today .
va	O	Where do you want to meet up then because my Moral lesson is boring too my love My love ... sounds nice babes .
tr	O	When I explained our predicament , they quickly pointed me in the direction of this hospital , thirty miles west .
tr	O	Time to be alert and ready for action .
tr	O	Although it was still only late Wednesday morning , the cruel Dr. Marco was enjoying unnerving the old man .
tr	O	Not that she would have minded , but she felt that Aunt Meg and Uncle Jack might have some reservations about her marrying outside her church .
tr	O	Surrender heaved from my lungs in a heavy sigh .
tr	O	They were both going in .
te	O	We 're sticking together .
tr	O	Chloe ignored it for the moment , turning back to David and smiling .
tr	O	Not only was she a fairy , but she was powerful one .
tr	O	He was sure it was stuck in his memory , but buried in there so deeply that he couldn 't bust it loose .
tr	O	I abandoned my regular seat since it was right beside her and opted for one three seats away .
tr	O	This wasn 't Whitney 's idea .
tr	O	And most of all the pride , which ran deeper than anything else , yet was now so fragile .
tr	O	She was twisted in a way the human body did not twist , in a very , very , very small space .
tr	O	Chris appreciated Charlie 's effort on her behalf , but she knew it was useless .
tr	O	Sunlight streaked through the dingy window and horizontal blinds and fell across the rumpled sheets that tangled around Lance 's legs .
tr	O	Human world was far different from theirs .
tr	O	Only it 's not a joke .
tr	O	Or maybe it could even appear by the bed , just reach out to touch her and leave an empty space between my arms .
tr	O	Nicole raised her left hand to her shoulder , sweeping her hair up and away from her collar .
tr	O	You can bet on that , Anastasia thought to herself .
tr	O	She didn 't question the impulse that drove her .
tr	O	Liz reached up , wiping away her newly forming tears , as she waved for Jin to come .
tr	O	A tall wall enclosed a huge area behind the main building , which Cole assumed was the Cliffside Salvage Yard .
tr	O	They seemed to be his favorite thing to make .
tr	O	Couldn 't air pass through the zipper holes ?
tr	O	That was as far as Larry 's French went .
tr	O	I fear a life that has no purpose .
va	O	There were a few scrawny dogs wandering about and some equally scrawny children .
tr	O	' May I enquire as to why you 've made this decision ? '
tr	O	She straightened her shoulders .
te	O	How he 'd felt about skipping two grades .
tr	O	Gavin sat on the edge of the bed and removed his pants .
tr	O	As you know , the NPS now accepts only patients with organically treatable behavioral disturbances .
tr	O	I had my laptop set up with notepad and pen as I searched for information on the individuals involved in the Preston case .
te	O	The scent of roses drifted to my nostrils just before a warm leg pressed against mine , offering me body heat .
tr	O	Allie rolled up her window .
tr	O	There 's a lot here .
tr	O	I wasn 't part of Taylor 's world then .
tr	O	He wondered why Beth wasn 't out in the yard playing .
tr	O	Of course she 's not okay .
tr	O	You really helped this book become what it is now and for that , I can 't thank you enough !
tr	O	She felt very daring running her palms over his chest .
tr	O	Stannard felt as though she had been punched in the stomach and then run over by a bus .
tr	O	he asked , extremely curious about the woman who raised such an intelligent and loyal woman on her own .
tr	O	Why was her best friend being such a jerk about things ?
tr	O	I take a sip of water and watch as Ian turns back around .
tr	O	The sweetly whispered words had him swallowing back his bitterness , the irony not lost on him .
tr	O	His gaze didn 't come off threatening , just evaluating .
tr	O	And that thought started an ache in her chest she couldn 't explain .
tr	O	Her harsh grating voice was the auditory equivalent of a cold shower , and the tension of the moment vanished .
te	O	He had another look in the book just to make sure he had not forgotten anything and was pleased to see that he had everything .
tr	O	My mother handed her a second package , this one a little larger .
va	O	It was a 9mm Glock .
tr	O	She stuns with shock that her neurons can 't figure out then her eyes see the gory exposed pink tissue parts from her intestinal kissing my blade .
tr	O	It 's not as hazardous as the numbers make it to be .
te	O	There are so many things I want for you .
tr	O	I gasped in much needed air , and open my eyes .
tr	O	A place where two forces faced each other with the ferocity and determination continuance of life demanded .
tr	O	I 'll tell you what to do .
tr	O	You go after her if you want her .
tr	O	I thought about dragging a sweater out of my bag , but honestly couldn 't be bothered .
tr	O	I promise we 'll work through this .
va	O	The herbal liquid brought a soothing relief to the aching , searing wound .
va	O	Humans , Simon reminded himself .
tr	O	I remember when we were on the island we discovered that we had a spy here at the facility .
tr	O	It required two sturdy footmen to get Samuel up the steps of the town house and into his own bed .
tr	O	I gave Nate a look that indicated he had some explaining to do .
tr	O	I thought I could feel his heart pumping straight into my back , his body pinning me to the ground .
va	O	He told me quietly .
tr	O	I don 't know what to do with this information .
tr	O	Dallas puts her hand on her hip .
tr	O	Gavin , I think we need to get out of here , I warned as the light began to glow brighter .
tr	O	The doctor wrote them down in a notebook .
tr	O	said Gerald after a while , breaking the silence , which had stretched , heading back to the subject of hope .
va	O	It was no use he was gone .
tr	O	I looked at him as if seeing him for the first time .
tr	O	Shawn flipped on the lights from a nearby switch .
tr	O	Teresa put her spear on the ground , then pulled her backpack off and dug through its contents .
tr	O	She hadn 't known Jace was her mate then , but something in Deni had made her attack Broderick , to fight alongside Jace and protect him .
tr	O	It 's not like I can really afford to unload so much for land right now anyway .
tr	O	Dropping his hand , he smiled and gestured for me to follow .
tr	O	If you need an incentive please remember they are the reason we are still alive .
tr	O	I was a little more wary of allowing Louis free reign over my hair as I didn 't want to end up looking like Jedward ( again .
tr	O	Her eyes looked back at Dante .
tr	O	Yet one part of him still hung back , knowing that she would never be what she promised .
tr	O	Not to mention , wearing the short dress didn 't help either .
tr	O	Jones and Glitch share a look and focus back on the road and terrain checking for the enemy .
tr	O	Laurel probably didn 't even remember his name .
tr	O	Big D 's behind the counter .
tr	O	She tried to imagine what her body would look like to him .
tr	O	When he did get out during the day , he often saw her either in her truck or cutting the lawns .
tr	O	Aric looked up at him and down again , shame still on his features .
tr	O	Theo watched from the lion 's back .
te	O	She was determined to get him there .
tr	O	He rocked and pulled the Keurig into a dominant position on the counter where it hissed and delivered .
tr	O	Rose 's imploring gaze bore into his .
tr	O	They exchanged small talk until Desmond invited them to sit while he got them underway .
tr	O	And the kind of delay it can cause .
va	O	The plan now is to release you first thing in the morning .
