va	I	No one sees me and I fade right back into the black darkness .
tr	I	He mechanically lowered himself into a molded plastic chair , and the waiting room was deserted .
tr	I	He did not get off with her , but Hart assisted her across to the bank .
tr	I	Colby relaxed , and David chuckled .
va	I	Afterwards they continued on through the London streets at a slower pace , and he held her by the elbow so she did not topple over .
tr	I	She 'd said that she didn 't want to uproot us all just because of the weather , and I 'd asked her about it before .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I turned up my face then .
tr	I	I look closer and my eye notices something on the cup .
tr	I	Izzy forced him back , but the Lightning blocked it .
tr	I	Neither compared to Aden 's own stabbing , when his body had been the one violated , but both instances had been a lesson in pain .
tr	I	The place catered to a skeevy clientele that made even Cara , a seasoned cop , uncomfortable , and what lighting existed was minimal .
tr	I	He was no fool , but he might have been quite , quite insane .
va	I	Revel in it and to accept today .
tr	I	They headed back toward the house and Jason put his arm around her .
va	I	Starlin made it their extremely profitable business to replace those numbers as needed , and most of the slaves died within the first two years of captivity .
tr	I	I held his eyes and Pop stared at me .
va	I	Blake reached to pick it up , and the phone on Neil 's desk rang .
tr	I	Kate stared at the stack of folders on her desk , and their heels clicked down the hallway .
tr	I	He wanted to give her that much , and she 'd come to him for comfort .
tr	I	Gareth lacked the energy to argue with her today , and they were at a stalemate .
tr	I	It started with no problem , and in the end he simply inserted the key , turned it .
tr	I	His white hair was strikingly attractive , and he was wearing a black overcoat .
tr	I	I was damn good at it and I loved my job .
tr	I	You 've come to this already and I mean , what , we graduated high school like yesterday ?
tr	I	She 'd always been mature for her age , so it really wasn 't an issue , but she was younger than most , sure .
tr	I	Then his shoulders slumped in defeat , and he wiped a hand over his face , hesitating .
tr	I	I knew he was doing that on purpose , and he was so relaxed compared to me .
va	I	Something in my expression must have translated my resolve and I looked at both of them .
tr	I	She glared right back and Matt glared at her .
tr	I	She knew that her face was flaming with color but Kate didn 't respond .
tr	I	It disoriented him a little , and Slap left a reddish handprint across his cheek for days .
tr	I	Timmy grew even more uncomfortable , and the escorting constables laughed .
tr	I	She couldn 't get any sound out , but she needed to speak to them .
tr	I	It was different , and I could feel whatever it was .
tr	I	She met his eyes and his tone was sharp .
tr	I	Maybe she was trying to protect her adopted brother from that same publicity or maybe she doesn 't want the publicity .
tr	I	They both glanced over to the right and a cry of frustration interrupted their conversation .
tr	I	Dennis thought he heard a touch of sarcasm in her tone , but maybe it was her accent .
tr	I	Then slowed , feeling compressed , like he was folding in on himself , and he began to soar .
tr	I	The rest continued up but many were cut down .
tr	I	Her parents were too busy trying to leave but Miranda tried to be heard .
tr	I	His pale skin seemed to glow with an almost luminous light against the shadows , and he was built big .
tr	I	If you are back in time , that partner might be you , and they need a partner .
tr	I	He gave a wheezing gasp and his eyelashes fluttered .
va	I	I bring the snowmobile to a halt on the other side of the road , and the skis scrape across the pavement .
va	I	It would certainly give them a better chance of avoiding prison , but it wasn 't a lot on which to hang their hope .
tr	I	I couldn 't be ' Ashley ' either and I couldn 't be who I was before .
tr	I	Again , she was shocked , and he let out a quiet moan .
tr	I	The tugging sensation made her queasy , but she didn 't feel any pain .
tr	I	No sound comes out but I open my mouth .
tr	I	I may be able to spin that to our benefit ... but if they had a strong reason to free you , it would accelerate the trial .
tr	I	His shoulders were pretty broad , and he was sort of tall .
tr	I	I know what I want , who I want , but I feel horrible for making him feel like this .
tr	I	He licked his lips almost imperceptibly , and his eyes dropped to my mouth .
tr	I	Then shot forward again and the horses jerked nervously in the shafts .
te	I	They were a go for the next phase and Jay updated the website to let everyone else on the team know that vaccine testing was complete .
tr	I	I could use it to dial 9-1-1 and maybe they would drop their cell phone .
tr	I	You could want no other , and one look at her .
te	I	In his movements there was this playfulness , so much like I remembered , but Strength bunched in the muscles rippling along his shoulders .
va	I	He was right , but L.J. was guessing .
tr	I	They went inside and he probably got distracted .
tr	I	He didn 't answer her , and Scott , however , was concentrating on the radio , reporting the details of where they were .
te	I	The others agreed with her , ignoring Phillip 's feigned wounded look when they disagreed him on his response and even Melissa contradicted something Phillip said .
va	I	This is a big part of you and I need to know who you are .
tr	I	Soon I would fall apart , and the pressure was building .
va	I	Oliver loved it , and Power was a seductive mistress .
va	I	That doesn 't mean they 'll know who I am , but alright , you 're right about them probably being motion activated .
te	I	The other side was hemmed in by a stone wall , and the rocky slope on one side created a natural border .
tr	I	Gaston stepped out , extending his hand to help her out as well and the driver smoothly pulled up to a restaurant .
tr	I	I kept my hand in hers , but she pulled away .
va	I	I was already at loose ends , and it was still only seven fifteen .
tr	I	I could increase it by another 310 feet , giving me over 3,300 feet of tarred runway and I would still be 200 yards from our perimeter .
tr	I	Much addicted to spiritualism but she is a kind person .
tr	I	The ship didn 't stop , and the pilot continued pressing buttons .
tr	I	I keep my eyes closed , but the Superior lowers my hands .
tr	I	Timmy sat by himself in his cell , and the day was drawing to a close .
tr	I	I like them , but they 're rough .
tr	I	Suddenly Selena felt the odd sensation of floating and the sharp sound of the instrument bellowed overhead .
tr	I	Tuck stilled , and half a dozen guards drew their swords .
tr	I	No one ever knew it wasn 't the truth until it was too late and as a master liar he could easily tell a lie .
tr	I	He was gone and I came outside .
tr	I	She reached for the necklace to reassure herself it was still there , while simultaneously reaching out with her mind , and Jackie 's stomach sank .
tr	I	I found no reason to say yes and I thought about it .
te	I	I held him , thinking there was nothing I wouldn 't do for this boy , and he was smiling when he went to sleep .
tr	I	Within thirty seconds Meg 's phone rang , and she hung up on me .
va	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she sounded wild .
tr	I	I was scared to hear what he was going to say and all my worst fears were coming true .
tr	I	Maddie ordered Seth to leave while his niece changed , and Brandy 's dress was hanging in the office .
te	I	That was all there was to it for me , and he was a monster .
tr	I	I nodded , and she asked .
tr	I	His nose was colder , but his lips were cold .
tr	I	I 'd sworn then I was done , and her words had ripped me apart .
tr	I	She was working on it , but her Spanish was still rudimentary .
tr	I	We 're both terrified , and Soleil comes over .
te	I	I came to a stop , and I heard myself gasp .
te	I	His hair almost covered his eyes , and he tilted his head .
tr	I	She could see no other way , but it would be a long , hard march for both of them .
tr	I	I 'd missed partaking of both recently , and the dark rapture of his bite was second only to making love to him .
tr	I	I knew he was going to catch me and my boots weren 't letting me get that far .
tr	I	He pulled it from the shelf , and the ' Primer ' volume seemed as good a book as any .
tr	I	Walt beat her to it , but Tanya was pondering a reply .
tr	I	Speed was of the essence , but he hesitated to add the rest .
te	I	Kelsey tried to breathe , and they moved forward again .
tr	I	He laughed loudly and I said bluntly .
te	I	He barely felt the pain but his neck was sliced open as its fangs tore through his flesh .
tr	I	Ben were off again and * * * Me .
tr	I	Another wore a lab coat and one person wore a suit of armor .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she was nervous .
te	I	She still wasn 't sure how to do that , and if that happened she would have to explain her presence .
tr	I	She 's too polite to say it , but Lily thinks so too .
tr	I	I knew it and he was right .
tr	I	I wasn 't having any of it , but he put his hands on my shoulders .
tr	I	They exchanged pleasantries and he grabbed Herman 's outstretched hand .
tr	I	Soon enough , she 'd be leaving , and this place wasn 't where she belonged .
va	I	The talk was for me as much as it was for him , but I was pretty sure he couldn 't hear me .
tr	I	She stayed conscious , but Kira thought she 'd pass out from the pain , which would have been a welcome respite .
va	I	It might not , and Employment might come later .
tr	I	That night they didn 't , but usually they had dinner beforehand .
tr	I	Lately , he 'd only said no , and everyone always asked him to do it .
tr	I	Her neck was too stiff to bend , but Louisa tried to nod back .
tr	I	You never make it to the pearly gates , and essentially : you do it .
tr	I	The weight had dropped easily , and College had been much calmer .
tr	I	You were the only person I knew to call and I got home to a nak * d Gramps last night .
tr	I	Bees were collecting pollen from the wildflowers growing in the meadows , and grasshoppers jumped out of the way as she came barreling through .
te	I	The war was over and the Indians brought in Jarrett Carter from D.C. .
tr	I	His eyes heated , and his jaw hardened .
tr	I	Dare used the time to get himself under control and Liza headed inside .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook so easily but she was so obvious .
tr	I	I can 't put them together in a way that makes sense , but thoughts keep swimming through my head .
tr	I	She wasn 't out of control , but yes , she needed some reining in .
va	I	She should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them , and she knew she shouldn 't harm them .
tr	I	There was no way I could leave , but I glanced at the glass doors leading out to the deck .
tr	I	You can tell her this crazy shit and if you want Blaire 's advice then meet me there .
tr	I	We will stop them dead in their tracks when they come across our border , but we won 't violate the border of Reindeer Land .
tr	I	Any time she was feeling confused and she cooked after work , on her days off .
tr	I	I 'm very happy to have you stay here with me , and we 're all very excited to have you here with us .
tr	I	I gave it to him and he tilted his head slightly to catch my gaze .
tr	I	I 'd be caught , and all it would take was for Alex to feel the tiniest buzz .
tr	I	We are certainly not interested in deceiving you and we are not tyrants .
tr	I	You know those two when they 're going at it and Jerry 's been acting up again .
va	I	When she had nightmares , she did the same thing , and she 'd learned to keep her screams silent , internal .
tr	I	I couldn 't take the silence anymore , and several minutes passed .
tr	I	I found myself unbelievably attracted to him and Devon was a complete gentleman throughout dinner .
tr	I	I think she 's safe for at least another week , but I 'm not going to make any long term predictions .
tr	I	It 's only to keep him on track , but Alaska Bishop may take something every few days .
tr	I	The doors spread open letting a dozen men fan out and the vehicles parked .
tr	I	I never would have imagined she lived with something like this going on , and I 've spent weeks here .
tr	I	What I thought about , feared mostly , was the reaction I 'd receive from my father and the long drive gave me idle time to think .
tr	I	It went wide , up in the air as he toppled back , but he got a shot off as he fell .
tr	I	He had pulled away from me twice but so bad I wanted to touch him .
tr	I	It didn 't go through the shadow and he tossed the water onto the wraith .
va	I	She realized he had fallen to his knees by the side of her bed , and there was a thump .
te	I	Right now he couldn 't bring himself to care , but Cain guessed that the longer he touched her , the more the separation would hurt .
tr	I	Both were just as shocked at what the man had done as Ashe was , and behind that man stood two others Ashe didn 't recognize .
tr	I	When I waken , all I see are the doors closed between us , but when I close my eyes , I can imagine it .
tr	I	The signs were not needed , but signs advised visitors to keep out .
tr	I	That didn 't feel right to him , yet God help them both if she was betraying Whitney .
va	I	He would gladly have dispatched this one again , but it had been a long time since he 'd killed another vampire .
tr	I	I had laughed in relief and those feelings of anticipation returned .
tr	I	He put that down to the dim lights , but she was a little blurry .
tr	I	It never did , but after that , he glanced at the window regularly , waiting for the pigeon to reappear .
tr	I	The realization made him sick for Emily , and Jacob could see it in the boy 's eyes .
te	I	We all went back to say goodbye to Maria and she left to change in to dry clothes .
tr	I	The crushed ice in her tea swished in the plastic cup , and Jenny turned to ask .
tr	I	I didn 't dare move but I wanted to cringe .
tr	I	They kind of seemed like his henchmen , but I wasn 't positive what that relationship was .
tr	I	Her hesitation only lasts a second , but Serena freezes .
va	I	I wasn 't sure I really wanted him to , and Christian hadn 't visited me during the daytime before .
tr	I	Then we 'd have to deal with his successor , but killing him would be permanent , of course .
tr	I	I knew what I was going to do , and I did my best to bluff my way out of it though .
tr	I	She was being dragged along the sidewalk before she even realized what had happened and her arms were seized .
va	I	Rina blinked , startled and not exactly the word she 'd have chosen .
tr	I	She was grateful , but she should have been embarrassed that he could read her mind , read her every erotic thought .
tr	I	The vampire 's blood flowed out into her mouth , and they were so sharp that they sank easily into the skin .
va	I	Ant was confident that the explosion would destroy all the evidence , but a forensic examination would show that the lock had been bumped .
tr	I	Her eyes blazed at the memory of Chuck outside the Fort House and the blood rushed to Violet 's cheeks .
tr	I	That which is born of the Spirit is spirit ; and that which is born of the flesh is flesh .
tr	I	If she did , it would be back to the disturbing dynamic they had , but she thought about waking him anyway .
tr	I	They scrambled aboard and she touched down .
va	I	They had died trying , but they might have failed at protecting Misha in the end .
tr	I	He miraculously caught the tray before it fell to the floor , but the caterer shot forward .
tr	I	When she tried to return it , he took her prisoner , and she told how he had left his wallet on the seat .
tr	I	When her words were met with only a heavy silence , she turned to see that Peter had paused before the statue , and Emma asked .
tr	I	In reality , she had walked out on Reid , but she had thought then that she had a boyfriend .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I hope he 'll put out a hand , to help me stand up .
tr	I	I knew that the trouble The Shade was experiencing was taking its toll on their marriage but we hadn 't spoken much .
tr	I	My heart ached with a pain that I could never put into words , and I felt exhausted , even a little disoriented .
tr	I	I shrug , acting like going to another church is no big deal , even though it kinda is , but Will beams at that .
tr	I	There was always one way to annoy an Assassin , and he was dressed like an Assassin , after all .
tr	I	With a horrendous creaking that set my teeth on edge , it opened and I tried the door .
tr	I	He immediately latched onto it , and his hand brushed against something .
te	I	He didn 't back down , so she finally took it , but she glared at him for a moment .
tr	I	His hand splayed over her stomach , and his thigh settled over her legs .
tr	I	She had to be handled with kid gloves , and Hettie was a powerful force in Last Chance .
tr	I	Only one became apparent in my memories , but I had several dreams .
va	I	I answer anyway , but I am unsure of whom he has asked .
tr	I	Soon they drove away and ahead of him , a young woman entered a taxi .
tr	I	He wanted to do business at his place , but Edgar 's trailer wasn 't far from Marty 's .
tr	I	Maybe we could make use of the other one as well , but I knew from the get-go which car we were going to take .
te	I	I tried to roll away and the attacker 's weight shifted .
tr	I	It seemed he was only ignorant of the risk , but she had thought he might be a bold soul , flouting the general fear of Thiago .
tr	I	He would protect her and Paul had a gun .
tr	I	Instead he looked exalted , but she had expected him to be horrified .
te	I	I did it , but it felt silly .
tr	I	He knew they would soon fly through the eye , and the riders turned up .
tr	I	I caught her dorsal fin and Mitch swam up to me .
tr	I	She met them at the clinic and Nik had called Ice 's mom .
tr	I	A bolt of black energy launched from its rotten fingertips and it shrieked .
te	I	Verity found herself staring at an insubstantial dream image of the bed and he spun her around .
tr	I	His eyes became bright red , and he looked into her eyes .
tr	I	I also know that I don 't want to do it and I know that this is another test .
tr	I	The big robot agrees with me , but he enlists Starbucks in the cause .
tr	I	He was already reaching into his pocket for his phone , but Isabelle looked at Simon with questioning dark eyes .
va	I	A drop was better than nothing , but it was a drop in the bucket toward satisfying the landlord .
tr	I	Bilbo was trotting as fast as he could along the passage towards the cells , but very soon the chief guard had no keys .
tr	I	She smirked behind it and the old woman 's hand rose to her mouth .
tr	I	He stayed quiet , and I hurriedly gathered the rest of my things , including my shirt I couldn 't find earlier .
tr	I	I see the face of a man that 's about to do something stupid , and my eyes dart sideways to peek at him .
tr	I	Dinner was almost ready and within the hour the table was set .
tr	I	He polished off the drink , and Ethan had graduated to scotch .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt me to catch some zzz 's either , and you just needed a little nap .
tr	I	All of it seemed minor now , but Josh knew his time on earth was tough .
va	I	One was eaten alive and two people were bit ?
tr	I	I shut my eyes , absorbing that sound forever and her voice , so long gone from my ears , closed up my throat .
tr	I	It got annoying fast , but two , her voice was pretty at first .
tr	I	Eliot knew that the student admired him more than he deserved , but he was less than ten years younger than Eliot .
tr	I	The excitement of the climb pushed it to the back of his mind , but his battered hand complained briefly .
tr	I	Grace 's younger daughter , Kelly , provided day care for Noelle , and the two women had helped her find a new job .
te	I	There were runners who were running their hundredth and there were people who were running their first marathon .
va	I	Darkness fell upon Samara and the door was slammed shut .
tr	I	With each increment of time , Kylie felt more awkward , and several seconds ticked by .
tr	I	He sat anyway , but famous last words , Judd thought .
tr	I	He 's cradling his arm , and Kent 's face is white .
tr	I	He knew that giving himself that title would antagonize me enough to draw me into an argument , and he wanted to talk to me in private .
va	I	Now they were free , but long they had been trapped down here .
tr	I	She 'd had more than they could ever have imagined and her parents had wanted her to have valuable life experiences .
tr	I	Their fear of her was too great , but I 'd tried before to talk them out of it .
tr	I	I was going to go get it , and I wanted something .
tr	I	As he leaned over , he could see the sheer drop to the black water far below , and the wall had crumbled .
tr	I	The story it told was all too clear , and the search was brief .
tr	I	He suspected she did , too , and he knew it .
tr	I	Knowing she had to eat something but with a sigh , she looked down at her meal , not really hungry .
tr	I	She daubed her eyes and Clay quickly handed her a handkerchief .
tr	I	It reduces pain and it acts like an anti-inflammatory .
tr	I	We are in the clear and Daniel turns onto another road .
tr	I	She 'd considered him a very good friend when she visited her father each summer and he 'd done well over the years .
tr	I	The kid just kept shaking his head but we found a couple stragglers out there .
tr	I	Maybe I 'd spoken too soon , but I 'd thought I could handle that .
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	They remained that way for several minutes , and Emily hugged back .
tr	I	Miss Molly tightened her hold , but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	I answered for her , but Pari turned to respond .
tr	I	She didn 't like that smile one bit and Julius smiled slowly .
tr	I	The pain wasn 't too unbearable and the cut wasn 't that bad .
tr	I	I needed to know , but I still didn 't have a clue about whom I was forgiving .
tr	I	You never would have known and I could have kept a lot of it to myself .
te	I	Every space was full of toys that most seven-year-old boys only dreamed about , and colorful balloons floated on the ceiling .
va	I	It felt like ice , but the ground was concrete .
tr	I	The best was they 'd strip us of our rank as protectors , and worst possible scenario was that they 'd probably kill us .
tr	I	Amanda quickly snuggled against her soft fur , but Iona was still her half beast .
tr	I	The man told her that it was at a considerable distance , and Elizabeth told the driver they wished to go to Potok .
tr	I	We both failed , and I met Alistair in battle .
tr	I	An undercurrent of real pride was still tripping along beneath but his nerves were raw , yes , .
tr	I	He climbed back into the tree , and the Guardian Richard had reversed course as soon as he saw Mike pull up in front of the house .
va	I	It couldn 't be helped , but she hated flying in airplanes .
tr	I	My eyes did a double take when I registered him standing in the open frame and I looked up in the mirror automatically .
va	I	People began to arrive , and the doors swung open .
tr	I	She miraculously found her pleasure again , and their tempo increased , perfectly matched .
tr	I	She could taste the blood trickling into her mouth , and Julie cried out in pain .
tr	I	I still continued , but he didn 't turn , focusing on driving with one hand .
tr	I	His sister , Julienne , had invited him for the holidays , but risking the journey had been foolhardy at best .
te	I	We were happy for a little bit , and we all used to live together .
tr	I	He tried to sit up , only to fall back again , and Goliath 's eyes opened .
te	I	She could not bear to see it happen to Max , but Mia no longer cared if she plunged down the cliff .
tr	I	His eyes went distant as he looked around his father 's office , and his shoulders dropped .
tr	I	Chase is ducking his head with each sound of gunfire and russian soldiers are firing rifles indiscriminately .
tr	I	Sam 's steely calm could not be good , but so she had enough enthusiasm for the both of them .
tr	I	He straightened up and a small jolt of electricity ran through him .
tr	I	You have no right to invade my privacy and my research on many projects is on my computer .
tr	I	I decided not to , but I was going to go into the city to see Jordan .
tr	I	He seemed to understand that prancing was not allowed today , but normally , Hywel 's horse was more nervy than this .
tr	I	She let go and he nodded .
va	I	Her resolve frayed even more , and Sarah felt her bracelet caress the sensitive skin of her wrist .
tr	I	I could move , and then the lights turned on , blinding me in their startling intensity .
tr	I	He looked at me and his eyes focused again .
tr	I	For Gunner that wasn 't a problem , but there wasn 't any time to reload it .
va	I	I made friends with them and their dogs always came out .
tr	I	I made her model for me in front of a mirror , and I made her go out under the moon .
te	I	Draw back one of the curtains , looking out , and I move to the window overlooking the front street .
tr	I	There was no mistaking its presence , but it disappeared quickly .
te	I	She would end up at Dee 's house , and at least she knew she was going the right way now .
tr	I	His hard-on responded , but she might not realize she was rubbing against him .
va	I	I just laughed even harder , but I should have tackled her .
te	I	I could see she was looking at the ground , and then she hesitated .
tr	I	Yesterday he took a belt to me , and today he 's trying to protect my ear from getting nicked by clippers .
tr	I	Winnie drank it and Gretta held out the glass .
tr	I	I glanced back , frowning , and a shiver went through him .
tr	I	I did know that I wasn 't going to quit hunting them , fighting them , killing them , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	I	He was able to leave work every night to be with her and she had been overjoyed when the transition period ended .
tr	I	He pulled to the curb a few houses down from my target and I alerted the cabby .
tr	I	It was revenge , and there was something I had forgotten in this time .
tr	I	It was stupid of me to linger on the stairs with Kiran , and it was stupid of me to rush up the stairs so quickly .
te	I	He felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself , and he hadn 't eaten anything himself all day .
tr	I	She breathed deep of the raw air , gathering herself to follow , and the rest of him vanished .
tr	I	Fidget had definitely seen it , and those that had seen it never needed a repeat performance .
tr	I	We didn 't answer him , but Ricky was still talking .
tr	I	She wanted more ... so much more , and his body , pressed against hers , held its own armor , its own safety .
te	I	Dad had called before he had to head to work , and it was Saturday , early there .
tr	I	He squeezed her fingers , and she patted his hand .
te	I	My stomach tenses just a bit at the way he 's looking at me , and a corner of his mouth goes up .
te	I	She hated his wife , but he loved his sister .
tr	I	For the first time since the attack , Sheridan couldn 't sleep , but it was late .
tr	I	She held up her hand , stopping him , but Sebastian started to interrupt .
tr	I	They didn 't contradict me , but the three adults exchanged glances .
tr	I	The two started towards the house leading the pack , and Cobble wasn 't about to argue on that one .
tr	I	I was also going to get some dough , but oh , she was gon na leave a chunk to the hospital .
tr	I	She got to keep it after the divorce , along with a sizable monthly alimony check and Nicole had bought this house with husband number two .
tr	I	Mutt lay screening on the deck , and the rear of the speedboat was engulfed in flames .
tr	I	She should just quit torturing herself about it , and it wouldn 't work .
te	I	I 've always appreciated it when an author illuminates his inspiration , but a peek behind the curtain is certainly not a mandatory excursion .
tr	I	I 've known him half my life and I 've worked there for two years .
tr	I	If he did it now it would just be too loose , but he would tighten the cinch before he mounted .
tr	I	It warmed me , and a smile from Terry was a rare thing .
tr	I	It does not end well and you know I have seen movies about guys like you .
tr	I	It took me half a second to realize it was a gunshot , and a loud noise cracked through the air .
tr	I	BUR was not designed to cope with a sudden loss of these supernatural agents al at once , and there were three vampires on staff .
te	I	He carried her to his bed and she fell asleep in his arms .
te	I	They made their way backstage and the lights went dark again .
tr	I	When he glanced back , there was no one , but twice he felt as if he was being followed .
tr	I	There was nothing more I could do , but the ends of my toes were blackening .
te	I	It would allow her not to dwell on what had flared between them on the ferry , and her body desperately needed sleep .
tr	I	Rema yelped , and he squeezed her arm harder .
tr	I	James let out a deep breath , and immediately the boys stilled .
va	I	I 'm happy that 's the way things turned out , and I have a hell of a great time with you .
tr	I	He had a number of established routines , but Fallon was not exactly a creature of habit .
tr	I	He was going to be impaled by those spikes and he couldn 't see where he was going .
tr	I	I stood up to leave , and she gave a weak nod .
tr	I	He turned to check on her , and Henry noticed that she had stopped .
te	I	A pained cough escapes me and Rob kicks me in the side .
te	I	You will be dead a week later and you stand one hour by the lake .
tr	I	Once was enough , but James had only met Vicky once .
tr	I	When nothing came up , I typed in the author 's name , and I typed in the title .
te	I	He 'd never admit it , but I think he was blushing .
tr	I	She was giving me money , and she was working hard , getting no salary .
tr	I	I haven 't seen them since and I hadn 't seen them before .
tr	I	I didn 't want to dance , but it was almost like a waltz .
tr	I	I shrink away but he leans in to touch me .
tr	I	When I catch him staring , he blushes to the roots of his hair , and the gangly youth cannot keep his eyes off me .
tr	I	Theo 's gaze was locked on the floor , but I nodded .
tr	I	I devoured each of his moans with my lips , and my h * ps met him for each thrust .
tr	I	He began to squeeze and very slowly his finger found the trigger .
te	I	Her nose quite red and Liz 's cheeks were rosy .
tr	I	His friends as it was he 'd kill Jane and it was just as likely he 'd kill himself .
te	I	I almost moaned , and a sharp pain lanced through my chest .
tr	I	I hadn 't even heard the full story yet and this was a lot for me to take in .
tr	I	It seemed to have what was important , but there was no other signage , not even a name .
tr	I	The wolf within was always ready for more , but I might have had an amazing night of sex .
tr	I	Last night had damn near done him in , and a man could only take so much temptation .
te	I	I know how to adjust for that , but there 's no verb in the statement .
te	I	Jennifer stopped in front of her , and she didn 't hide well enough .
va	I	I slap them away , but hands grope at me .
tr	I	I answer him anyway , but okay , this part is definitely illegal .
va	I	Then revenge would be his , and with that information he could begin to form his plan .
tr	I	We both looked at it and I pulled out the tracker .
tr	I	He looked back at me , totally shocked and I looked up at him .
tr	I	I did notice something strange , but the room was still empty .
tr	I	There was no aggression in its stance anymore but the gun was still aimed in my directions .
tr	I	That could change with the right persuasion , but this one was a bit rigid for her tastes .
tr	I	He managed to struggle back to his feet , but he was clearly in pain .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I knew it was rude .
tr	I	I stared down at the grave , lost in thought , and Jason stayed quietly by my side , not saying a word .
tr	I	That comes only when a female is involved in the decision-making process of a man and I can see a new confidence in you .
tr	I	Some of those years were with his dysfunctional mother and all of his childhood had been spent in the City .
tr	I	He knew it was not safe out there , but he missed the world beyond the graveyard gates .
tr	I	I wasn 't and that she was bitten .
va	I	Those dancers are likely to be a part of it and I 'm even more certain that there will be some sort of celebration in your honor .
tr	I	In the end he said nothing ; but he hesitated at the door , as if he would have spoken again .
tr	I	There will be a lot of work ahead of us for the next several years , but I am honored we were awarded this contract .
tr	I	He 'd at least try , or he 'd talk to Scott .
te	I	Ava was growing up to be a pretty little girl and things were the same with everyone .
tr	I	His eyes were open , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	I	He was slow to follow her wishes , but Julie wanted them back in in her stare .
tr	I	Presents exploded and Christmas lights began to pop .
tr	I	Julia 's imagination conjured up the possibility of it , but there wasn 't nearly enough snow to hide a trail .
te	I	He held some tender spot in his heart for her , as well , and surely she hadn 't misread him .
tr	I	Emilie was excited at the opportunity to visit her friend , and Reginald had been forced to make an appearance at court .
tr	I	She still moved closer to Ethan as his hands gently clasped her elbows , but Julie didn 't wince .
tr	I	It hadn 't happened , but I 'd braced myself for some terrible outcome .
tr	I	Once I did I couldn 't stop , and I busted out laughing .
tr	I	You would say , ' Sam 's here and I remember I would ask you what you were doing .
tr	I	The blonde moved our direction , and he raised a lazy hand .
tr	I	I will get what I 've come here for and I 've got a lot at stake .
tr	I	They are there , yet those qualities may not readily be forthcoming .
tr	I	They have to believe something , but the police believe that is what happened .
tr	I	I averted my eyes , and the map zoomed in .
tr	I	She was special and she was Nikki .
tr	I	He pointed up to where a bow of mistletoe hung , and lifting her back to her feet , she shot him a look of disappointment .
tr	I	Wilder rolls to lie beside me , and I take a gasping breath , trying not to let it overwhelm me .
va	I	I was quickly wasting valuable time and Time was off the essence .
te	I	She shampooed it several times to make certain it was clean , and there were gobs of mud in her hair , something she hated .
tr	I	The scent of roasted rain fish wafted through the humid air , and his mother had a fire going on the shore .
tr	I	Maybe it 's his waxed eyebrows , or he wears a patient , understanding look that grates on me straightaway .
tr	I	Dreamer didn 't let him go , but the baby struggled in her arms .
tr	I	I don 't trust them and they 'll just want to get their hands on my inventions .
te	I	Hell worked in efficient ones , but God might work in mysterious ways .
tr	I	Alex steered clear of the kitchen altogether , but Haley occasionally got the idea to cook .
tr	I	I see her smile and he nods toward Francesca .
tr	I	There was still emotion behind her eyes , but her face didn 't show any sign of tears .
va	I	His breath came in deep , rough gasps and still he held her hard against his loins .
tr	I	Brooks was the leader of the pack and the whole Sheriff 's department must be behind this thing .
va	I	She just couldn 't , but she wanted to laugh .
tr	I	She knew it was true , but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	She was still aching , desperate for him even now and she 'd been making love to Alec in her dreams .
tr	I	I didn 't think it was too bad , but it was the usual mess that a single person makes .
tr	I	He was here , but when I was his age , Dad wasn 't much .
tr	I	He wore even less , and she was barely clothed .
va	I	Nolen pulled the Mage up to it , and as instructed , servants laid a large pillow beside the throne .
tr	I	It was not the blood smell of women , but he smelled it now .
va	I	She huddled against the cosy blanket and he went out .
tr	I	She was shaking on my shoulder and her screams turned into uncontrollable laughter .
tr	I	The stitches were gone , and his bruises had faded .
tr	I	I was afraid that I had just ruined everything and I could feel Joshua 's anger .
tr	I	A sigh rattled through him , and I gingerly touched the ends of his hair .
te	I	The doors opened and the lift arrived .
tr	I	They made a determined effort to work together whenever possible , and strangely enough , the men got along well .
tr	I	It passed her by , but Stanley gave Marcia his best frown .
tr	I	Another cough came out instead , but Spencer tried to speak .
va	I	She looked away , glancing around instead and his sexy smile sent her heartbeat skittering .
va	I	It is beating steady , but his heartbeat is weak .
te	I	The terrifying hiss cut off , and the plastic goo hardened instantly .
tr	I	I 'm extremely worried about him and Kayden 's been gone all night .
tr	I	Hunter gave a few more tips to some of the guys and we spent another hour at the gym .
va	I	She thought the neighbors might be having one of their cozy little spats , and something banged against her apartment wall .
tr	I	Her legs were trembling and he saw how she blushed with his closeness .
tr	I	I was seriously ticked off by the result of her actions but on usual situations I would not be so harsh with her .
tr	I	She is one of you , and I have found that person .
tr	I	He lost all focus and Case 's heart lurched .
tr	I	He looked at her and her breathing intensified .
tr	I	There wasn 't much personal content , and the letter was addressed to Margot .
va	I	I moaned at the feeling of calmness that was overtaking my body , and the tension crept out of my pores as his fingers banished it .
te	I	He walked out , frowning and Cage 's bedroom door opened .
tr	I	We could rule the world , and I could amass a pack .
tr	I	Just then they both heard the front door open , but she would have said as much to Bessie .
tr	I	Since her divorce , she knew men were strictly off limits for the rest of her life and she knew the score all right .
tr	I	I don 't want to put you in his line of fire , and I don 't want him to feel like he 's been cornered .
te	I	The sun lost its glare , and the stifling humidity was gone .
tr	I	Once there , she would need help , and there was only one place to go .
tr	I	Her large blue eyes were moistening , and Maddy was staring at the portrait of the woman .
te	I	She reaches up to wipe the tears away from her cheeks and when she sees me , her eyes enlarge .
tr	I	Her questions becoming trite , and Alex realized her answers were short .
va	I	He grinned and I giggled .
tr	I	His scent drew me in , and his bare chest felt warm .
tr	I	That also happened around the beltway of Washington , D.C. , but Los Angeles traffic was famous for coming to a standstill .
tr	I	The engine started as he approached and the driver 's door popped open .
tr	I	He 'd spend the rest of his life proving to her how much he loved her , and Prudence was his woman .
va	I	Now it looks like you 're waiting for spring , but I thought you were shooting for a winter wedding .
tr	I	It never really translated things accurately anyway , and the translation module was just a further kick to his ego .
tr	I	There is much I can do if it is needed , and you will know that in time .
tr	I	Death vampires hunted vulnerable women who tracked life alone , like culling the weak from the herd , but she could say whatever she wanted to say .
te	I	It seemed perfectly reasonable to spend the rest of her life in his arms , and she felt his hands gently rub her back .
tr	I	I know you deep down inside , but maybe your motives were a bit off .
tr	I	She couldn 't help that , but Joy knew she sounded defensive .
va	I	The water settled again , but part of me expected her face to appear in the basin .
tr	I	His self-esteem was brought to ground level from great heights , and the tumult without certainly had a negative effect on him .
te	I	They 'd barely got started on his schooling and she reminded him that he had many , many adventures to take .
tr	I	I had and he still didn 't understand the relationship Cage .
tr	I	He made attempt on the Triforce again , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	It 's going to be safer in the long run , but we 're not going to stay there forever .
va	I	She felt better knowing he knew , but she still hadn 't figured out why she was telling him .
tr	I	She 'd loved him as such for her entire life , but she knew he wasn 't her father .
tr	I	It certainly felt like it was , but I knew that wasn 't literal .
te	I	This was not even quality wool , and it itched like crazy .
tr	I	Everything looked lit as if in an early evening glow and her realm vision had taken over .
te	I	The war rolled on , and 1944 rolled in .
tr	I	She 's calm , but she 's still wary .
tr	I	This time it was directed at Gary , and a flash of anger ran through her .
tr	I	My junior year seemed endless , yet so far I 'd made it through almost three years of high school .
tr	I	The shaking grew worse , but she wrapped her arms around herself .
tr	I	I was shocked to see people attired in similar clothing , but no one payed me any mind .
tr	I	The wait will be torment , and they can announce their punishments at any time within the year .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and my gaze drifted back to him .
tr	I	The other was free , but one of her arms was pinned to her side .
va	I	Samael 's already started reconditioning her and her mind has already been wiped .
tr	I	All four of them closed their eyes right before they hit the wall , and they followed .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she knew that some of the other kids made fun of her for having an invisible friend .
tr	I	Not before she saw him slam face first into the wall , but grinning , she closed the door .
tr	I	She returned her gaze to his , and Lord Merrick cleared his throat .
tr	I	He didn 't dare try to stand up and he could hardly breathe .
tr	I	The lights were on as if everything were completely normal and there were a few cars in the driveway .
tr	I	I hope that you have fun in the land of Oz Dust Designs and I am totally honored that you have taken the time to read this .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and eyes were on me .
tr	I	He gave his sister another noncommittal answer , and Steve 's frown deepened .
tr	I	There was nothing to find , but my eyes searched the room .
tr	I	I just didn 't care and I sobbed into his chest .
va	I	She soon joined in and we both laughed at her .
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I might have been stubborn .
tr	I	I guess we owe her that , and if it 's possible , I think that would keep Kirsty smiling .
tr	I	I feel like she was ... but she said she wasn 't .
tr	I	I doubted it , but Could have been .
tr	I	She hugged me tighter , and I leaned into the crook of her shoulder .
tr	I	It was clean , but thanks to my momma 's smoking habit the place smelled like stale smoke .
tr	I	When I say us , I mean us , and after the meeting everyone came over to introduce themselves to us .
tr	I	She was threatening to hurt you , and we were broken up .
tr	I	He might get found out or he doesn 't want anyone finding bones on our side .
tr	I	I looked at her , and mom laughed at something David said .
tr	I	You just knew it would be sharp , and it gleamed in the bright moonlight .
tr	I	Their exit would signal the start of a lot more flying , and they would have the entire system working in two more weeks .
tr	I	I was dead and Sulley had won .
tr	I	Alix opened her eyes to look at him , and his voice fell .
tr	I	I threw it across the room , and ~ Liv ~ The phone rang for the tenth time that morning .
tr	I	I hadn 't even known , and I had broken her .
tr	I	I can feel tears welling at the corner of my eyes , and he stares at me for a long moment .
tr	I	The sniper got a little closer and they slowed to watch .
tr	I	It didn 't change the fact that it had been evil , but now she understood his intention had been to make her run .
tr	I	I remembered Oasis , breakfast , the residents and the gears in my head clicked forward again .
tr	I	She was still unconscious but he tried to nudge Julie with his bare foot .
tr	I	Where had she come from , but he wanted a female shifter of pure blood ?
tr	I	She knew the islands , and she knew the bayou .
tr	I	I have the awards to prove it , and I 'm damned good at my job .
tr	I	I twisted out of his grip , but his hand closed on my arm .
tr	I	You 're fun to be around and you 're a great guy .
va	I	We both laughed , and Felix placed his hand on his chest .
tr	I	I was moved to some kind of gurney , and after only a few rooms we stopped .
tr	I	The speaker shut up and Will snorted in derision .
tr	I	The other men have been tossing around and he was telling me the theories he .
tr	I	The sound was muffled , but I tried to scream .
tr	I	The other was curled on her stomach and one hand was draped over her brow .
va	I	The three that remained went on to practice phase two of their plan , and the prince took his leave .
tr	I	I lean into the turn , zipping past the last monorail station and the highway curves around the lake .
tr	I	Celaena struck , ramming her fist into his arm , sending the blade soaring through the air , but he swung .
va	I	They turned to a small hint of any light color she wore , but I wasn 't sure if they were hazel .
tr	I	Colin hoped they 'd use it that way , and the bed had been designed as a playground .
tr	I	She felt a sense of dread in her stomach , and Ellie was getting out as the police officer approached .
tr	I	He 's bending toward me and Gavin 's eyes are twinkling .
tr	I	Troy couldn 't make himself do it , but he knew he should take the hint .
te	I	She would be back in Charleston with real memories to replace the fantasies and they would break things off .
te	I	My stomach clenched and nausea hit me .
tr	I	He doesn 't acknowledge that we came in late and he appears to be intensely focused on his computer .
tr	I	Mayank understood it that the boss perceived this meeting also as a business deal and the boss wore his mask as usual .
tr	I	She didn 't go far , but Nik watched her stand up once he had the letter .
tr	I	We should be gone a long time and he said we would be taking one of Lady Margaret 's lawyers .
va	I	None of it registered , but Adelle was aware of him talking , of his arm reaching down towards hers .
tr	I	Those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow and the light receded slightly .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't fight them , but I didn 't know why these feeling were suddenly so strong .
va	I	He never failed to do so until this - and he just liked being prepared for every eventuality .
tr	I	The others have reported the same thing to me and Jessica tells me it is the same with Leo .
tr	I	He shook himself free of them , and they pulled him to his feet .
va	I	My mom would tickle my face until I fell asleep and when I was a kid , I used to get really bad ear infections .
tr	I	Deep down I knew I 'd had a lucky escape , but I cried for my dead baby every day for a month afterwards .
tr	I	He had yet to see her in action , but Cain had heard rumors of the Defender who had a talent with electricity .
tr	I	I could see the tension shoot up his spine like a steel rod , but his back was to me .
te	I	Inside , she was a complete wreck but Katherine started laughing with her dear friend .
tr	I	His angry gaze went back to Clark and Burnett let go of a deep breath .
te	I	If she hadn 't spoken , he wouldn 't have recognized her , but it was Joanie .
te	I	Words couldn 't describe how violating it felt , and I 'd been possessed before .
tr	I	I shook it and he held his hand out .
te	I	He caught it , and she barely twitched .
tr	I	He has not the mood to talk to me either but he might not be really mad at me .
tr	I	It had been quite painless and his last ditch effort was hypnosis .
va	I	The move had been good for the children , and the house had been built specifically for his family .
tr	I	Travis has already sacrificed so much of his and they have their entire lives ahead of them .
te	I	Many of the explanations were of the more supernatural kind , but most were accompanied by an earthly explanation .
te	I	I looked up at her unblinking , and I felt Eden shaking my shoulder .
tr	I	I can still save the shoes , but I 've messed up the dress .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have privacy if she didn 't respect others ' , but Sloane immediately recognized the older woman 's intention to impart more gossip .
tr	I	It was marred with embarrassment but now the blush had returned .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him through her tears , but she raised her head .
tr	I	You 're engaged to someone else , so get over it , and she 's your best friend .
tr	I	Smith 's flat was in Shillings and the Fine Fellows Club was located in Central district .
tr	I	In need of the solitude he was only likely to find in the jungle outside and Lucas shoved to his feet , restless .
tr	I	Then her expression changed from terrified to blank , but she opened her mouth , probably to scream .
tr	I	The demon would be hidden , and the human could enter here .
tr	I	He nodded once , and his eyes searched mine .
tr	I	Maybe he liked the reassurance of his weapon in difficult times , or he held Old Girl in the crook of his arm , anticipating trouble .
tr	I	She assumed I was and I hadn 't even told her that I wanted to take ownership .
tr	I	He 's there in my head and I go to sleep .
tr	I	Candace leaned closer to Bob to listen , and Mike nodded his head .
tr	I	I changed my password immediately and I was able to login .
te	I	The cart began to descend , and there was an exaggerated shake .
tr	I	His steps were hesitant , weary , but Lloyd had started to move .
tr	I	Eleanor was always efficient , but he didn 't know how she had accomplished it in so short a time .
tr	I	I nearly jumped out of my skin , and there was a knock at the door .
tr	I	Her voice was calm , friendly even , when she spoke again , but her eyes glittered in her face .
va	I	They are our servants and we are the masters .
va	I	Lucy was so obviously not her usual self , but we sat in our usual seats in the front .
va	I	You 'll have to hire more to fill out your crew , but I 'll be able to give you a few men .
tr	I	They know it and we are finished .
tr	I	Claudia had disappeared with Zach , leaving me on the corner of their massive L-shaped couch with Aaron and it was a good few hours later .
tr	I	You 're severely injured , and your strength is gone .
tr	I	You take the coach all the way home , and I 'll walk across the fields .
tr	I	We must remember that , and we are not better than them .
te	I	It didn 't mean anything at all , and I was attracted to a lot of guys , like superman , Henry Cavill .
te	I	I missed my husband more , but I missed seeing our friends .
tr	I	She seems startled by it and a tear escapes one eye .
tr	I	I 'd driven off on that note and we had shared a few choice words .
va	I	Without it I didn 't know what I was going to do , and his opinion mattered to me .
tr	I	She had to hurt herself now , badly , to prevent worse future injuries , and the moment of madness sheared past .
tr	I	They had to land somewhere and they had to come from somewhere .
tr	I	It has to be Anthony , and it has to be now .
te	I	The fact that James does too only confirms that they were close , and he loved it here .
tr	I	She 's really great and she 's from California .
tr	I	A knot formed in her throat , and Eve 's heart lurched .
va	I	It wasn 't the cuts that worried Jenny , but Michael 's cotton undershirt was showing signs of pink .
tr	I	There he was and he didn 't wait to be asked twice .
te	I	That somehow kept Austin calm too , and he seemed oddly calm .
tr	I	Then it was over , just like that , and you seemed like such an ideal couple .
te	I	Josie would be forever grateful , and something had brought Faye downtown .
tr	I	They approached England far too quickly , but there had been a silent agreement between them to live only in the moment .
tr	I	She 'd never really learn , or she had to figure it out on her own .
tr	I	Upon them sat carrion fowl crying with fell voices , and on either hand the cliffs stood as embattled walls .
va	I	I wasn 't fooled , but it appeared that she was looking right through us .
va	I	They had previously mixed the batter , which was now frying itself , being flipped automatically at the midpoint and the family owned a donut robot .
tr	I	The light begins to dim and I blink a few times .
va	I	He looked at me curiously , and I stood in the doorway .
tr	I	I don 't move , but my eyes flick open .
tr	I	I wouldn 't need it , but the screen on his desk was dark .
tr	I	I grabbed her before she could move away , wrapping my arms around her and she reached around me to turn on the shower .
tr	I	She had no choice , but it cost her to ask him .
tr	I	He perched on it , looking over the crowd for a moment and he 'd pulled a tall stool into the center of the stage .
tr	I	She ran out of the room , and she banged her fists on the table , her hair flung over her eyes .
tr	I	He shivered violently , and this brought Brian 's dream back in a rush .
tr	I	I was driven , but I was terrified .
tr	I	Keller could be alone and I could walk in .
tr	I	His fangs had extended at the taste of blood , even his own , and I could clearly see that it was still bleeding .
te	I	It lasted a while before Paul was able to collect his thoughts , but I wasn 't sure who was looking at the other with more doubt .
tr	I	It appears , and you kind of need something .
tr	I	She lurched , tried to scramble away from him and he came down beside her on the bed .
tr	I	He would not change his mind , and it was done .
te	I	Many times broke the concentration of the musicians ' spells and the explosions of Aros 's firearms added to the confusion .
va	I	On the cusp of this transition I think I understand why you were taken away , and it is time now to say good-bye .
va	I	His words offered no comfort , but I respected Fade for telling the truth .
tr	I	She saw she was right in assuming small photos could be placed inside , and it opened with a click .
tr	I	I 'd never imagined myself on horseback , but I 'd seen people riding on television .
va	I	I could see his curious expression in the moonlight and we walked all the way to the opposite end .
tr	I	His breath caught when he saw the exact path the storm had taken and Donovan studied it carefully .
tr	I	It was like the siren song all over again , but I didn 't hear my name .
tr	I	He didn 't know the first thing about water prophecies , but the man might have been a powerful Beast Tongue .
tr	I	She hasn 't noticed , but I turn to Zuzana .
tr	I	They Will not be lenient with you , and if you do not help us , the Clave Will know it .
tr	I	It echoed all around me , but the sound of her laugh was muffled .
tr	I	I 'll start working on them , and I want you to make a list of the things you want changed .
tr	I	Then she shrugged , but when she glanced at Hanna , there was disgust in her eyes .
tr	I	There 's no mistaking what I 'm looking at , but the quality is not good , the image grainy .
tr	I	She hadn 't known the consequences , but she had trusted him , given her permission .
tr	I	I 'm in no mood for any of this and I ain 't slept in the last 35 hours .
tr	I	She couldn 't deal with that right now , but she knew she had discovered something major here .
tr	I	It didn 't skip much beats like how Blake does it but my heart beats twice fast .
tr	I	She dropped it , and I didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	He went to investigate , and he left the Rift pulsing at his back -- the sky broiling in front of him .
tr	I	In the morning , the kicking never started , but he crashed on the floor , as he always did .
tr	I	I heard the hiss of the shower before I glanced down at his younger brother and I waited until Aiden closed the door .
tr	I	He didn 't know where to go from here , but that piece of information had led him to Sacramento .
tr	I	The evidence of witchcraft put Richard in a rising black mood , but so , there would be no coupe attempted against him today .
tr	I	It didn 't make me feel any better , but Bianca assured me .
te	I	A MEAN PEOPLE SUCK sticker someone had stuck to the wall , and there was a great Shakespearean sayings poster next to the blackboard .
te	I	I 'll leave that to you , but you won 't know what you 'll be facing when the doors open .
tr	I	He merely flicked her breast with his tongue , pulling back as he rolled over , but she arched closer .
va	I	The vicious creature speaks again , drawing Pen 's attention back to her , but her eyes widen .
tr	I	She was taking absolutely no chances , but it was a great embarrassment to be seen in public without her gloves .
tr	I	She 'd made him unhappy , but she hadn 't meant to .
tr	I	He felt the chill of the air like a sprinkle of fine mist , and the strain from winking the tube away had worn off .
tr	I	When Elder didn 't use them , I did , and I made the patches .
tr	I	Eventually I just broke , sobbing softly into my hands , but I fought it for a while , trying to keep myself a little numb .
tr	I	I 'm having nothing to do with it , but you can play in this stuff if you want .
va	I	His face grazed my cheek and I turned my head to one side .
tr	I	He stuck to his guns with grim determination , but she might not have if Darius had wavered .
tr	I	Her back arched of its own volition , her body seeking deeper contact with his hard erection and her throat swelled .
tr	I	I let George speak and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	Naturally I declined his offer , and now he wants them back .
tr	I	Dayan fought down the rising beast , and the thought triggered the dangerous aggression of his species .
tr	I	I relax a little at the friendly gesture , and he gives me a half smile .
tr	I	I still had to find the silver Sword but I guessed that the Serpent was here now .
tr	I	Then she held the object in her palm , and her fingers shook as she untied it .
tr	I	She left them with Mr. Blackthorn when they were small , but they had the same mother .
tr	I	Surprisingly , so was Violet and Ben was right behind her .
tr	I	Hell , I hadn 't minded the ride , had I , but I didn 't particularly like it ?
te	I	She doubted they were clever enough to have drugged that , and that was more than enough to keep her hydrated .
tr	I	Ben failed to get the message , but Carl then proceeded to roll over .
tr	I	He saw the look of horror on her face when she saw the bandage , and he finally got the sheets up .
te	I	Teresa was there to catch her , pull her back from the dangerous edge of the door , but Brenda fell to the side .
va	I	I 'm full of doubts but I wish I could be positive about my decision .
te	I	I felt a bit panicked , but I kept my voice even .
tr	I	She sticks out her hand and a brilliant smile comes instantly to her lips .
va	I	Those twin actions set off a long , long moan from Clay , and she gripped his shaft hard in her hand as she tasted him .
tr	I	They never complained but it was a hard life in the village .
tr	I	I just stare at him in confusion , but Hayden holds his phone out to me .
tr	I	The side effects still lingered but Genie had removed the poison from their bodies .
tr	I	Her deathly cold still chilled the room , but she hadn 't manifested .
tr	I	His stare kept them by the doors , but they seemed like they wanted to pat him down .
tr	I	I remember hearing their weapons coming off safe almost in synch and immediately the other five militants advanced .
tr	I	Men had been burned for werewolves before , but it was uncommon .
tr	I	She continued her cries and Kara squirmed in her seat .
tr	I	It was normal but she was swimming in pain .
tr	I	The ship 's lighting dimmed to simulate nighttime and she returned to sickbay when Evening Watch began .
tr	I	He found himself staring into those dark pools of midnight velvet and her lashes lifted .
tr	I	He was in no position to take advantage of it , but the quarterback position held a certain status at our school .
te	I	He set her on her feet , and finally Jaxon pushed away from him .
tr	I	She looks really nice and she 's still smiling .
tr	I	Laboratories are on the upper levels , and there are two large bunkers beneath this building , with storage garages .
va	I	The couple will marry after a whirlwind courtship , and they 'll introduce them two years from now .
tr	I	The disappointment is momentarily replaced by a brief smile and she glances at me .
tr	I	She still spoke briskly , but the earlier snap was gone .
tr	I	The car never arrived but the German aircraft waited .
tr	I	She looked over at him and Lee snorted in his sleep .
tr	I	Her breathing was labored , and the circles under eyes looked like bruises .
tr	I	It was the safest place for her , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	Carrie held it out of my reach , but I bolted around the table , reaching for it .
tr	I	He 'll stay so and he 's completely safe .
te	I	I could tell she was asking if she was okay , but they were too far away for me to hear what was said .
tr	I	There she was , but I couldn 't believe it at first .
tr	I	I watched her eyes absorb my words , and she blinked against the sudden brightness .
tr	I	It turned me on , and I knew he was looking at me the same way .
va	I	I was fairly certain I 'd be ready for a little break , but I didn 't like asking for time off .
te	I	She would never get shit from me , and her lifestyle would take a drastic change .
tr	I	He was just so ... warm , and Cassidy noticed that there were calluses on his fingers .
tr	I	She realized that she was not alone , and there was an exclamation .
tr	I	That vehicle was right on her tail now , and the driver had on his bright lights , too .
tr	I	He readily agreed to help out , and I told Owens of my idea .
tr	I	She asked none of them , but questions filled Jain 's mind .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to ask , but I didn 't know what that meant .
va	I	She had done two thirds of the way , leaving another third of the way to go and 40 minutes have passed .
tr	I	She considered leaving before Raoul found out that she hadn 't been patient enough to wait for him , and the man continued to deliberate .
te	I	She definitely didn 't want to go there , and otherwise she 'd probably start thinking about the past .
tr	I	I hoped that Mase had really thought about that thoroughly , but I wasn 't sure what Andi 's addiction problems were .
te	I	Maybe I had just been hiding from the fact I was nursing a broken heart , but I 'd been comfortable with that .
tr	I	I was so damn angry , and she stiffened at my touch .
te	I	Bryan 's curiosity had grown unbearable , but they hadn 't talked about the trip down Dune Road for almost twelve hours .
tr	I	He slowly turned to Bia and Zeus ' stomach sank .
tr	I	It works , but Authoritarian some would call it .
tr	I	Sims entered and Evie could have screamed when there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	I feel his hardness between us and he pulls me a little closer to him .
va	I	It staggered then stopped and they hit the craft .
tr	I	Grace could see that it cost her an effort , but she smiled at Cliff .
va	I	They let it drop , and she promised .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to tell Miss Tick that , but in fact , Tiffany was a bit surprised at not crying .
tr	I	The rubber of his suit sticks to my skin and he gives me a quick hug .
tr	I	The other end was dry enough , but some damp grass was stuck to one end .
tr	I	There was no need , but James stepped aside so I could see it .
tr	I	My lungs won 't expand , but I try to suck in air .
tr	I	She remembered the nightmare she 'd had , but she didn 't usually remember her dreams .
te	I	At least the beds are comfortable , but I 'm sorry that everyone has to share while they are here .
tr	I	His face brightened as a sly smile crossed his lips and he paused .
te	I	Then , Michael was the quiet type , but Michael didn 't say much about them .
tr	I	The full Miss Level , all twenty fingers working together , but this was not a lone Miss Level , a bit flustered .
tr	I	I didn 't know what it was , but Christian was trying to tell me something .
tr	I	None came , but I made a warmer should the others be looking for him .
tr	I	He practically did nothing to stop him either and the Arc wasn  t able to keep the object from falling into his opponent  s hands .
tr	I	I don 't know everyone , of course , but at least as far as I know .
tr	I	It reeked of cigars and we walked into the motel office .
tr	I	His phone was off , but I called him before I left the house this morning .
tr	I	Catfish was hesitant but Jacobs joined him .
tr	I	I use both of them and my baths all have two sinks .
tr	I	He 'd also begun rinsing glasses in the sink in preparation , but he said Edward had complained nonstop about having his privacy invaded .
tr	I	Her eyes glimmered , and Kenzie hunched her shoulders , looking off into the distance .
tr	I	It had nothing to do with Veronica for a change , and falling asleep was difficult after that .
va	I	Races back up the stairs and she nods .
va	I	We 're messed up , both of us , but I know you don 't get it .
tr	I	Angela could still make out the words , but Sherry lowered her voice .
tr	I	I 'm more nervous than he is and this is my house .
tr	I	A soft gasp escaped her throat , but she gripped the edge of the countertop .
tr	I	It was what he would do , and he had trained them himself .
tr	I	She never noticed you but secretly you were in love with her .
tr	I	That 's how I know this kid works quickly , but it 's a pretty recent development .
tr	I	When he did , his sight began to return slowly , as if a fog were being lifted and he stopped .
tr	I	He just might learn something , and at least there would be no harm in listening to what the girl had to say .
tr	I	Her emotions had been the problem before , but he 'd asked her to say she loved him .
tr	I	I watched her face light up before I took her smile away , and she laughed .
tr	I	Never looking inward and blaming others for bad choices ?
tr	I	He easily suppressed his guilt over his base behavior , but he wasn 't behaving like any aristocrat , that was for sure .
tr	I	He wouldn 't back out , and he had agreed to this .
tr	I	She couldn 't deny they shared a mutual investment in their partnership , yet Amber 's reasons for getting into the life had been less self-serving .
va	I	She had a feeling that these officers would be inquisitive - and she shouldn 't be here .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to hold back and it was no secret I hated the little brat .
tr	I	Now I feel like crap , and Skyla can barely get the words out through her pain .
tr	I	His head smacks into mine and we fall onto my couch .
tr	I	I hesitate , but I notice the opening for a question I 've had .
tr	I	The audience applauded wildly and the lights went out .
tr	I	Many die , and one heart stops .
tr	I	The flame moved with it and she waved her hand around .
va	I	I start to lose myself in him and he runs his fingers into my hair .
tr	I	My vision blurred again , and his eyes bored into mine .
tr	I	Even Grays must gossip , and you have ears .
tr	I	Something else caught my eye but there was no car in the driveway .
tr	I	Even though he knew he should wait , he couldn 't bring himself to wait , and she was his woman .
tr	I	There was no lock , so she would have to take her valuables with her , but the inside latch on the door looked sturdy enough .
tr	I	It occurs to me that he 's talking about a lot more than just this moment , and the question hangs in the air between us .
tr	I	Most of them didn 't seem to mind , but it was long , bloody labor .
tr	I	I smiled as well and he managed to smile .
tr	I	Several sailors looked at her and she was very beautiful .
tr	I	It was the man Jack who was troubled , and the man Jack looked up at the stranger .
tr	I	He moved with care just in case , but again there was no sign of an enemy .
tr	I	The blood poured , and she opened her hands over the cauldron .
tr	I	He didn 't bite , but I was fishing with that North Pole remark .
va	I	The only sound is that of the rain pounding on our ceramic tile roof and it 's still dark outside .
tr	I	His anger was absolute and his grip on my arm was legendary .
tr	I	They will come for me and my shipmates have answered .
tr	I	He had already taken her too far and she was painfully different from the others .
tr	I	The Council chased him with bloodhounds , but taking both of the keys , he tried to escape the town .
tr	I	I did as I was told , but I wasn 't certain if the whole thing was even real .
tr	I	She thought cutting it would keep her from being recognized , and she had always worn it long .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I felt stupid for crying .
tr	I	They all fell asleep and eventually the shepherd quieted .
va	I	He hadn 't been surprised , and two others had joined him .
tr	I	It 's not flaming , but it 's still hot .
tr	I	She smiled and she did .
tr	I	I turned back to the guy I was healing , and my heart skipped .
tr	I	Her contract was only for a few more months anyway , but her landlord wasn 't too keen on her moving out .
tr	I	The Boss had been caught off guard , but it didn 't happen often .
tr	I	It 's finer than that , but they say it 's sand .
tr	I	The flickers began almost as soon as I closed my eyes , but I tried to sleep .
tr	I	The creature collapsed to the ground , and he cut open the vampire 's belly with a single slice .
tr	I	I was angry at myself and I could see Liv coming toward us .
tr	I	Steam fogged his vision , and the blistering air stung his eyes .
tr	I	He broke that theory every single time his lips turned upwards , yet I always thought dimples were only cute on babies .
tr	I	There was nobody around and she looked around nervously .
te	I	I 'm immediately relieved to see Emily 's things still around the house , including her bedding on the couch and I let myself in .
tr	I	There is a difference , and I taught religious studies .
tr	I	I couldn 't smile back , but Matt smiled at me between bites .
tr	I	The men seemed to accept me , and I grew accustomed to my duties .
tr	I	The lack of a decent sleep was catching up with me , and maybe my brain was overwhelmed from everything I 'd learned .
tr	I	I kept listening , desperate to know I 'd been missed , but I knew I should stop the machine .
tr	I	Diego saw that the land was bathed in fog , but the light was gray like dawn .
tr	I	His blond curls fell into his eyes , and adonis shook his head .
te	I	Only Dan had survived , but three men unjustly convicted .
tr	I	With the dying daylight it only drew him closer but I shook my head .
tr	I	Suddenly he 'd gone from Oprah to preacher , and Bill said .
tr	I	When I do , my own voice drops out of the argument , but it takes me a few minutes to realize that .
tr	I	Eventually I realized I liked her too much to stay away , but it may have taken a few days .
tr	I	The doors retreated into their recesses , and the elevator jerked to a stop .
tr	I	At first I didn 't take it too seriously , and the images were almost Biblical , difficult to believe .
te	I	She began to panic and Bri noticed two angels coming towards the growing crowd .
tr	I	I was utterly alone , and the thrill of the chase was absent .
tr	I	She guessed she knew how to do it well enough , but she 'd never really kissed anybody besides Adam .
va	I	She was physically sick and she felt unwell .
tr	I	Just a sliver of the almond torte Kate had bought the day before and he went down for coffee .
tr	I	Robert requested champagne , and they ordered their meals .
tr	I	No matter how you looked at it , the backyard privacy was nonexistent , but a few trees helped separate the space .
tr	I	It 's too soon , but I want to ask .
te	I	That was all right , the spell said , but some stuck to the bottom of the glass .
tr	I	I climb up his back and he places his head down .
va	I	She had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical , but Elise 's directions to her winter place were clear in the main .
tr	I	He stammered for a few seconds and his mouth fell open .
va	I	My head stops spinning and we brave the storm together until my breathing slows .
tr	I	By the tingling in her fingertips , she knew something else was there , but it felt perfectly smooth .
tr	I	There were the magical ropes to contend with , Gar 's magical snare was far less easily unraveled , but the ropes were no match for her .
tr	I	She slowly exhaled , and her stomach settled down a few minutes later .
tr	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
tr	I	Her body was shaking , and her hands were trembling .
tr	I	The littering of acorns makes me move slowly and the old pavers are uneven .
tr	I	She never kept it a secret that I was his father , but I still didn 't understand why Krista did what she did .
va	I	Others of magic protected it before the druids , and my people have guarded it for many centuries .
va	I	I am thankful and the other couples on the steps do not seem to notice our spat .
tr	I	Clutching the arrow that had been lodged in Graeme 's shoulder , but Nigel finally leaned back , his hands bloody .
tr	I	She was offended if you didn 't ask , but she violently resented being asked to do it .
tr	I	It was in vain but Renton tried to intervene .
tr	I	She loved Csar -- only Csar , but she had not meant to hurt him .
tr	I	I patted down my body , and my eyes shot open despite the screaming in my skull .
va	I	She prepared herself for the expert dodge of her question and he shifted his feet .
tr	I	If it happens again , you call us , but it was probably just someone trying to find a way in out of the cold .
tr	I	I 'm here to stay as well , and your mother 's done running , Chloe .
tr	I	In response , he pulled me closer , and my hands clutched at his back .
te	I	I never heard him say an unkind word about anyone and he loved to tell stories about the past .
tr	I	They were impressive with long , lean fingers that a surgeon would envy and she could only see the muscular forearms .
tr	I	He still hadn 't let go of her hand , but they climbed into an unmarked black SUV .
te	I	She didn 't want that man hunting her brother , and Logan Quinn scared her .
tr	I	They didn 't go to sleep either , but the three girls lay down after her .
tr	I	One seemed to follow the other , knowing where they would try to strike next and they were graceful in their movements .
tr	I	She would never notice considering her lack of mechanical knowledge , but it 's probably the most obvious .
tr	I	He 'd still tracked down a signed Cubs baseball to replace one I 'd lost , but he wasn 't much of a fan .
tr	I	The thought makes me suddenly uneasy and Maureen must be Anthony 's mom .
tr	I	All of them had been from the safe , warm confines of a Vermont ski lodge , but she 'd seen plenty of snowstorms .
te	I	I forced myself to power walk , but I really wanted to run to the trolley stop .
tr	I	It fell limply to the earth below unseen as it passed below the treetops and it was more than the first could withstand .
tr	I	Until they had pointed it out it seemed O.K. , and yes , he had said Herbert Hoover .
va	I	I had no intention of starting now , and we weren 't touchy-feely kind of guys .
tr	I	Her makeup is caked on and her highlighted hair is fluffed up like a poodle .
tr	I	She could still see the edge of his green jerkin , but William had slipped back into the shadows of the trees .
tr	I	I was terrified to be away from him , but I understood the concern for safety .
tr	I	The Indian goalie blocked the shot , but he passed it up to his front row of cowboys .
tr	I	It was a tenuous moment , but Cassie felt the crushing sense of helplessness she 'd been experiencing for days slightly rise .
tr	I	She pushed away from him and Skyler 's hold lessened at her hesitation .
tr	I	He was praying for the boy and my father had his left hand between the boy 's legs .
tr	I	It isn 't something to write home about , but I don 't have the worst voice in the world .
tr	I	I did , and I wanted to make my own way .
tr	I	Acquaintances cannot come soon enough for Arnold Matson and no , for my money next Wednesday 's get - together with a few rogues .
tr	I	I desperately did want to dream about her again ... and I didn 't want to dream about her again .
va	I	He seems to feel it 's his personal mission to trivialize our relationship at every turn , but my brother doesn 't dislike Ezra .
tr	I	She shoved herself away from him , and she felt his arm loosen .
tr	I	Cold hand landed hard on the back of my neck and I was dragged to the middle of the room .
tr	I	Maybe she 's already been gone for a couple days , but I know she has to be missing for at least twenty-four hours .
te	I	He quickly replaced it with an easy smile , but confusion crossed his handsome face for a second .
va	I	He did fear being overthrown , but he could assuage his own fears for long lengths of time .
te	I	The illusion was gone and she blinked .
tr	I	His fingers tightened around hers , but the waves of anger were still rolling off of him .
tr	I	The guard was not at his post , and the rest of the bookstore appeared empty .
tr	I	She kept talking , but that shadow of darkness loomed .
tr	I	The horse began to lope around him and Tony raised his arm above his head .
tr	I	Maybe it 'll be a Stetson laced with a red bandanna , or maybe it 'll be a vintage cloche dripping with faux peonies .
te	I	I cannot shake the feeling of guilt growing inside of me , and thoughts of my former team haunt me as we walk .
tr	I	My heels click on the polished floor and I swallow hard as I step out .
te	I	She craved another sandwich , and her stomach gurgled .
tr	I	We all turned to listen to her comments , and she began walking toward us .
tr	I	It also piqued her interest , and this seemed to resolve Marcia 's confusion .
tr	I	Unlikely to release them to foreigners , and Wil didn 't think so , for they held the keys to the countries future .
va	I	I won 't do it again , and I made the mistake of trying to force you into something you didn 't want once .
tr	I	Her presence is palpable , but she 's not visible .
tr	I	He grinned , grabbing her hand to stop her and he was ticklish .
tr	I	Claire was content to pretend for now ... but it wasn 't the end at all .
tr	I	When she noticed what was on the front page , almost dropped it back to the floor , and she took the magazine up from the floor .
tr	I	I force myself not to , but I want to roll my eyes .
tr	I	It satisfies my sweet tooth , but it 's stale like those pre-packaged cookies that sit on the shelf for months .
va	I	The very thought of you entering such a disreputable place unsettles me , and you 're my wife , after all .
te	I	It made Azalea very happy and everyone was there to see them go .
tr	I	Julia sat on the edge of the bed she knew she 'd share with Gio that night , and he closed the door behind him .
tr	I	He 'd get what was coming to him but he wouldn 't end up on a spit .
tr	I	I took my hand from her mouth , and Bianca started struggling against my hold .
tr	I	The sweet lyrics of that morning 's hymns broke her heart all over again , but she couldn 't understand a word of the sermon .
va	I	The place was full of people with head wounds but we thought we might have to make up some story .
tr	I	David was pretty sure Monroe would know that , but it was all lies .
tr	I	The screaming of the crowd fades out and I quickly answer it as enter the food area .
tr	I	I nodded , but my teeth rattled a little with the cold .
tr	I	That surprised me , and her voice was unfriendly .
tr	I	My stomach hurt just at the thought of accompanying Foster anywhere , and to say I was stunned would be to understate my feelings .
te	I	You 've admitted your feelings for me , and I know how I feel about you .
tr	I	Wayne Brockman had been killed during the rescue , but the girl was unharmed .
tr	I	The faeries drew back , staring at me with blackest hate , and the new voice rasped through the ranks of Forgotten .
tr	I	I was glad he had my hand , and the rain was pouring down in sheets .
tr	I	Happiness was not in the cards , but she would find contentment somehow in her marriage .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , and her beautiful face was tilted up , toward his .
tr	I	She wasn 't there either and he sprinted to the nearby restaurant .
tr	I	I trot to reach him sooner , and my breath escapes me .
va	I	She let everything else vanish , and she closed her eyes .
te	I	The truth was , she felt safe , but she should have felt resentful , cornered .
tr	I	He sliced the wires off me , wrenching me to my feet and at once a knife shot out of his other hand .
tr	I	She was traveling the star lanes as soon as she was old enough to jump , and Ms. Navarro was raised in a spacer family .
tr	I	I did my best to hold it in but a deep rage started to build inside me .
tr	I	She was immediately suspicious , and he introduced himself awkwardly .
tr	I	I was pretty sure Aiden would only offer his own , but I wanted a healthy body .
tr	I	It gushed toward her and it seemed to spew forth from the cavity caused by her blade .
tr	I	The ecosystem they had set into motion was completely different than Terra 's , but they succeeded .
tr	I	Lea stopped her , but Julie didn 't have a problem paying , so she started to take her wallet out .
tr	I	Maybe they 'd all been too little , but there were so many little things she 'd done .
tr	I	He didn 't need to laugh at her but she was glad he wasn 't trying to guilt her over the purchase .
tr	I	The day was declining and the evening was strengthening .
tr	I	Cian took up the rear and Fin kept with the bulk of them .
tr	I	She didn 't have any legs left to run on , and she 's the poor lass who owned the other flat .
tr	I	Avalon stopped him with a hand on his shoulder , but Jericho started after them .
tr	I	If I had a boyfriend , I should start caring but I 'd never cared too much about how I looked .
te	I	I can feel the vibration of his low , deep voice , but his response is no more than a whisper .
tr	I	The calamity had evidently shaken him , and his boss had been in attendance .
tr	I	I hated the stadium , and I never liked Cleveland , the city , the fans , the team .
tr	I	I wanted to know what Victor would say , but I didn 't like Sanctuary either , even though my knowledge was only of a few areas .
tr	I	It gave her something to do while she watched Steven argue with his sister , but she already knew the hearts wouldn 't be used .
tr	I	I fought not to bite in too quickly , not to rush the pleasure of it , and his pulse raced .
tr	I	Every little bit helped , but she knew it wasn 't much .
tr	I	Hemp was already investigating his rows , and I could hear her sliding some drawers open .
tr	I	It looked pretty deep as well , and it was a river - wide .
tr	I	He confessed that he saw not why Israel should not again be a chosen nation , yet Baruch Spinoza had not a faithful Jewish heart .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but he turned to look at me .
tr	I	I can 't tell from his face , but I wonder if he is teasing me .
tr	I	I felt fluttery in my chest and he slipped his hand down over my stomach .
tr	I	Unlike most , you didn 't take breaks after every capture , but as far as I knew , you were a bounty hunter .
te	I	I increased my speed to catch up and she was a blur .
tr	I	I was crouching in a dark stairwell listening to these scoundrels chat about it , and perhaps it was happening even now .
tr	I	When they got to the car they shook their heads in disbelief , and they left .
tr	I	The morning sun warmed them as they ate breakfast , but it was cold .
tr	I	He nodded , and the healer 's silver eyes went to Jacques ' .
tr	I	Still another racking sob escaped Mairi , but thanks to Drake 's letter , she knew now that - She inhaled deeply .
tr	I	He had his honor , but he might not have the gentler emotions that made up what passed for a conscience .
te	I	His gaze locked with hers and his head turned .
tr	I	We were nowhere near the first floor but the elevator was still moving .
tr	I	I didn 't correct him , but I think he meant photosynthesis .
tr	I	I think I 'm going to lay down , but I don 't mean to rush you out .
tr	I	I paused to give her a backward glance , but I started to climb out .
va	I	She preferred their company now , but she was alone with them .
tr	I	I let him sit on the ground , kneeling beside him , and Scar groaned .
te	I	They 'll arrange it and give the Hill traffic office a call .
tr	I	There was no time to get off a shot , but he managed to free his weapon from the holster before I barreled into him .
tr	I	For the moment he was too impatient to deal with it , but he made a rough sound of frustration at this additional barrier .
tr	I	Her fingers were digging into her biceps through her silk shirt , but her brow arched .
tr	I	We exchange a wa that says everything and Vel touches a talon to my cheek .
tr	I	That beep could mean something important had just happened , but I seriously thought about ignoring it .
tr	I	I was very happy to have her with me at the hospital , and it was something I never would have thought of .
tr	I	Marya 's excitement had been shared with the crew and the crew had watched torpedoes from their own screens .
tr	I	Gavin was in the driver 's seat before I knew it and the door was slammed shut once he 'd tossed me inside .
tr	I	Her heart started to pound , and Aria 's throat felt dry .
te	I	I was already cringing , thinking of how Mom would react to there being a witness , and she 'd bolted when she saw me .
te	I	Since I hadn 't , I just made do with reading , but I could be talking to him right now rather than being bored .
tr	I	I 'd clearly put my foot in my mouth , but most slutty g * y men weren 't sensitive about being slutty .
tr	I	Even though I 'm quiet most of the time , I have a feeling I could tell him anything and he doesn 't sugarcoat anything .
tr	I	When the drunk driver killed my mom , I wanted more than to stop feeling sad , but maybe most teenagers wouldn 't think like that .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt to try , but I wasn 't sure that a spirit boat would be the answer .
tr	I	It was all she could do to keep from screaming at him , and loathing rose in her throat , choking her .
tr	I	Her eyes looked white in the gloom and she turned .
tr	I	He takes two more forward and I take another step back .
tr	I	I nearly wept with relief , and it was Jeff 's voice .
te	I	That was just one of his many endearing quirks , and he didn 't seem to like chairs .
va	I	God , I loved him so much , but he might not love me anymore .
tr	I	I pet him a few times and he licked my hand .
tr	I	He crashed down against the tabletop , where he whimpered from the pain of smacking his forehead against the solid wood , and she released him .
tr	I	The door flew opened and she glared at me .
tr	I	The storm kept the sound of his voice from reaching her , but he called out .
tr	I	Already I 'm nagging you , and we 're on our third date .
va	I	The expression quickly softened , but Dak looked at him sharply , as if he assumed the boy was mocking him .
tr	I	He stared at me a second , then leaned forward and his eyes went wide .
tr	I	The rest had followed suit , and Ollie was standing well , considering his injury .
tr	I	I don 't point this out , but he 's so proud of himself , having pinned a girl half his size .
te	I	The seat was empty , but the door was open .
tr	I	Mam did love it so much , and it was such a small thing .
te	I	Her face flushed and her frown deepened .
va	I	At forty-seven he 's fifteen years older than I , and Martin is a Vietnam vet .
tr	I	Josie would call and Hannah had left a message .
tr	I	Aaron was waiting politely for introductions , and Colby was regarding Aaron with a cold expression .
va	I	Now he was acting just like he looked -- cold , but he had a reputation for being friendly among most people .
tr	I	She looked up , startled to see me and I knocked on the inside of the wall .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I embraced him .
tr	I	Yet , conversely , Butch had stopped barking , and I felt like I was no longer alone .
te	I	They looked up , away from the fire and there was a sudden knock at the door .
tr	I	Rei stepped through and as soon as the indicator turned green , the door opened .
va	I	Luther was not about to let her forget it , and she was doing awful .
te	I	He took the role seriously , and he was always the one that looked out for his men .
tr	I	I flinched from the threat that it contained and his voice was as dark as a hurricane .
tr	I	Every conversation ended up the same way , and she 'd spoken to twelve employers today .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could tell he hadn 't showered today .
tr	I	He was bowing to me , and Shim was easily the most impressive person I 'd ever met ?
tr	I	I forcefully pushed them away and I noticed his hands on my arms .
tr	I	Greg decided the boy was definitely still in there and a sudden dangerous fury was in his eyes .
tr	I	Sebastian gave me another winning smile , but I frowned , wondering what he meant .
tr	I	She listened as his breathing grew steady and he lay on his back .
tr	I	They released a collective sigh at my arrival and the relief on their faces was comical .
tr	I	These odd smiles gave Kane the greatest joys he ever knew , and she did her best to express her appreciation with a smile .
tr	I	I struggled to balance , and Val pulled my hand .
va	I	I feel like hitting him with my gun and we glare at each other .
tr	I	When she tried to get their attention , they darted away , but Kendra had seen a few twinkling fairies in the woods .
tr	I	Neil went in to talk to the Director and the inner door slid back .
te	I	He noted how good she smelled , and Steve gave her a shiny glass bulb .
tr	I	She seemed to enjoy using it , yet Artemis could never keep track of colloquial slang .
tr	I	I didn 't need them to , and they couldn 't worry about me .
tr	I	Even though he was holding my hand , it was like I was invisible , and I walked into school with Zach .
tr	I	We don 't have time for that today but we also shoot a fair bit of trap .
tr	I	I will continue to send them to you until you pardon my abysmal behavior and you have my apologies .
tr	I	This time she stepped back , but he stepped forward .
tr	I	I can see the traces of pain on his face , but I don 't think he 's even aware of it .
tr	I	I get chills and he looks at me ?
te	I	His head is resting on my shoulder and I turn his little body so that we are chest to chest .
te	I	Still they experienced their world deeply , but Tucker knew dogs lived emotional lives as rich as most people 's , different , alien in many ways .
tr	I	Half a dozen dots under another cloud of red dust , and it showed the road behind .
tr	I	He moaned at the motion , and she rubbed herself against him .
tr	I	Benedict was often ... eager for female company , and Salina 's mother died when she was young .
tr	I	When I stopped , the valley was still , and I wept until I had no more tears .
tr	I	His robes would keep some semblance of cleanliness , and the water would not be so difficult to walk through then .
tr	I	Clay was tired of the sign language , and so far his receiver had not been needed .
tr	I	I will require you to seal each agreement with a kiss , and don 't worry though , everything I plan is subject to your approval .
tr	I	She nuzzled my arm , and I patted her neck .
tr	I	I were secretly dating anyway and it 's not like Zeke .
tr	I	Jem didn 't return the smile , but Will grinned .
te	I	She had been careful to empty it out , since she didn 't want it to rust , and there was water in the pan .
tr	I	His face was colder , more like a sculpture , less alive , but still breathtakingly beautiful .
tr	I	Then she 'd swayed up to look frantically for Rodrigo , and she 'd kept up her resuscitation efforts until paramedics came .
tr	I	He felt free , but when he opened them , he was not any less sad .
va	I	Besides , his Collar had started to go off , and Eric often napped after an intense stalk , retrieving the energy he 'd spent .
tr	I	Liz thought about leaving early anyway , and Chris disappeared for a second to get another beer .
tr	I	It worried me that something might be really wrong , and Mrs. Cook was one of my favorite teachers .
va	I	His other hand was free to roam over my body , but one of his arms was used to prop him up .
va	I	It always does and I know the best is going to come to me .
tr	I	The night porter wore a stained turban , and now the lobby smelled like old newspapers .
te	I	He truly made the story his own and he did a lot more research in addition to what I had done .
tr	I	It was wonderful to bask in his caring and he cared about her .
tr	I	The results were equally powerful , but even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power .
tr	I	Harry did , but he 'd promised to testify if Harry didn 't admit to anything .
tr	I	He was reluctant to let her out of his sight , but he didn 't know if it was the near fight with Jack Norton .
tr	I	She nodded and I looked at Lola to check .
tr	I	The King was obviously upset and the advisers to the side of the King began talking in his ear .
te	I	Lee caught the movement of his Adam 's apple and Cloud swallowed nervously .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and the storm was still overhead .
tr	I	I wondered what had made this guy so happy and he smiled the largest smile I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	Logan would rather not being spending a night with his longtime friend and something told me their relationship was strained .
tr	I	He knew it , and he wasn 't at all made in the mould of a medieval prince .
tr	I	The faded voices that I heard and I tried to interpret the movement that I saw .
tr	I	Each ends in the glowing point of a pain sword , and it has a dozen arms .
te	I	He caught himself as he fell , and Jackie released the air holding him up .
tr	I	Her slender arms suddenly tightened on him , and she turned her face against his chest .
tr	I	It doesn 't stop me from using my legs , but I cry out in pain .
tr	I	He 'd ignored her each time , but she 'd said it a thousand times before .
tr	I	I leaped at him anyway , but I guess it 's possible that it could 've been some other kind of lanky Eye with dark curly hair .
tr	I	My heart went out to him and his voice cracked .
tr	I	You 're out of here , and just one more minute smiling .
te	I	She felt his hands , but Everything was pitch black .
tr	I	She knew who she was , but Rand might believe what he was saying .
tr	I	We began to stroll toward the gardens at the very back of the school property and he gave me a devilish smile .
tr	I	He didn 't come any closer , and my back straightened in warning .
va	I	I swung around the other way to crash my heel into his temple , and he blocked a blow that never landed .
tr	I	Most agreed they sucked , and her painting was a futile attempt at artistic expression .
tr	I	She lost her grip on his hair with one hand , and the Yankee hit Hannah across the mouth .
tr	I	Edwards , looking relieved to understand his mission , began to lead us downhill , and Tolliver gestured to the woods .
tr	I	Grey was alert to the emotions he must be feeling underneath , but the man chuckled .
tr	I	She has a weird look to her , but her signature is not over the top .
va	I	He knew it , and she never could deny him when he pulled that one .
tr	I	She recognized the spot he gave her and he pushed the coordinates into her head .
tr	I	She knew where the door was , but it was so dark she couldn 't see .
tr	I	Tapped on his workstation and nodding the goblin bent over .
va	I	I don 't want to see your reputation go to hell and you need to make the money back for the stud fee .
tr	I	It feels even worse to say the words , but Remembering is bad .
te	I	He offered her his hand , and she answered him with a big smile .
tr	I	Her humming had escalated to moans , and the girl was now flinging her wild hair from side to side .
va	I	He 's quick to turn the other way , and I shoot a hard look up at him .
tr	I	I 'm just pulling books from my locker , making sure I take home everything I need for tonight 's homework , and School 's out .
va	I	I eagerly clasped hold of it and my brother stretched his hand back .
tr	I	Everything broke in time , but bones were powerfully strong .
te	I	He sighed as he was left alone , and the door to the apartment pounded shut .
tr	I	That troubled him , and he remembered little of Rene 's death .
va	I	He was still gone , and just minutes until dawn .
te	I	I said I would be fine , but Joseph offered to go with me .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself and it sounded like an accusation .
tr	I	Then I realize I 'm happy to be on my own , but I consider waiting for him .
tr	I	I 'm fumbling to free myself and my face is suddenly on fire .
tr	I	They all guessed at least a year , but no one knew for certain how long Spirit had been in the city .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to notice as she slid into the car , but the realization brought his feelings of anger to the surface once more .
tr	I	When he shot a quick look up at the guards , they hadn 't moved , but Duncan expected shots to rain down on him from above .
tr	I	He was already walking up to the steps on his own to start his day but she turned on Milton .
tr	I	He nearly broke , and she chuckled .
tr	I	She had a question of her own but he might think her forward to ask .
te	I	She trusted that there would be a well-worn trail to it from the observation point , but she didn 't know where his quarters were .
tr	I	She suspected it always would and a part of her continued to grieve .
tr	I	At least he 'd circumvented any requirement to do so , and making polite conversation with him would have been difficult .
tr	I	Each time the light came near , the death slaves retreated , but colors pulsed through the light , giving off a strobe effect .
tr	I	She had a strong grip but I tried to pull away .
tr	I	She watched and she waited .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but it looked like a man 's body .
tr	I	As far as I knew , no one had seen her since that night and the police labeled her a runaway .
tr	I	He gives me a knowing look , and I arch a brow at him .
tr	I	The gray light of early morning slipped through the narrow gap , and the door of the closet stood slightly ajar .
tr	I	Adam was completely lost to her , and Cassie had that same ache now .
tr	I	Saying it made it real , but she 'd known when she 'd left Brussels .
tr	I	I guess he figured a little reminder would be appropriate , and evidently he 'd seen me during the morning .
tr	I	Maybe I would tell her about Taylor , and she would help me write the obituary .
tr	I	A whisper as the human forces approached the Lycan camp on silent feet , but the attack started , not with a bang .
tr	I	The fearful glint in his eyes told me he believed me , but he gave a short , incredulous laugh .
te	I	I kept on moving , and I kept on counting .
tr	I	It was an immense effort of will simply to stay standing and she felt every bone in her body turn to jelly .
tr	I	His heart kept him standing there but he knew in his mind he should .
tr	I	All my relief scattered , and I was left alone with Scott .
tr	I	His first two puffs seemed to calm his nerves considerably , but his hands were still shaking as he lit the cigarette .
tr	I	I felt a lot better and I ran a brush through my ratty hair .
te	I	She recognized Reese 's voice and it was louder this time .
tr	I	Why would his first born not take the throne after him , but his daughter would be the greatest queen .
te	I	It wasn 't Jason 's place to argue with him , and he suspected treachery against his father .
tr	I	Her body is fighting her every step of the way , but she should 've been out of her weeks ago .
te	I	His heart raced , but the breath stalled in his lungs .
tr	I	Holly 's pale faces and I looked at Trina .
tr	I	He didn 't stop walking , but he soon lost the individual .
tr	I	Food began to arrive with each tick of the clock , and Black wreaths appeared on the front door .
tr	I	I 'm not a cute little boy , and my grandfather isn 't your master nowadays .
va	I	Zora seemed to have softened up to Hilda , but Zora used to get easily annoyed by Hilda .
tr	I	She greeted me with a heartfelt smile and I sat down at my usual seat .
te	I	The balance of power had shifted also , but the United States was irrefutably split now .
tr	I	He 'd insisted , but Laurel had told him he didn 't have to attend the funeral .
tr	I	I have some great news for you and my name is Jason Richards .
tr	I	Now he won 't give me the chance to get it back and I 've lost everything to him .
va	I	His eyes narrowed with determination but his pale face was twisted .
tr	I	Andrew 's silences stretched a little longer , and Nicky started dominating more of the conversation .
tr	I	They made small talk throughout their meal , and their food came .
tr	I	It echoed in the night and I let out a shriek .
va	I	Even I was surprised at how quickly I caught on , but he expected me to suck at it .
tr	I	She admitted to herself she was terribly tired , and the strength had gone out of her voice .
tr	I	I immediately roll my eyes , and James is next to me .
te	I	Righty 's horn was still missing , but Lefty 's arm had been reattached , though it hung limply at his side .
va	I	It never lessened the impact but he threatened me so often .
tr	I	I cried out , and the third set the cheek on fire .
tr	I	He was aching to make it happen , and he 'd make her his .
te	I	I brought him back to the others and we trotted about the field .
tr	I	Once he 'd arrived he couldn 't seem to find the source , but several days ago , it had drawn him to this place .
tr	I	Her fist hits me instead as a glancing blow , and all I manage to do is jerk my shoulder up at the last second .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and he still frightens me , Toni .
tr	I	I caught my breath , and that fledgling smile bloomed on her face .
tr	I	I whimpered at how delicious he tasted , and my tongue slid against his parted lips .
tr	I	I 'd love a first kiss , but reyes , I know this is going to sound strange .
tr	I	I lost myself to his grasping , groping fingers , and his every movement was wrought with passion .
tr	I	It would just be a repeat horror show or I had to do something different this time .
tr	I	I don 't feel like I 've done anything yet , but it feels so good for her to tell me he 's proud .
tr	I	He really did but Joe pretended not to understand .
tr	I	We descended the stairs , and I took a deep breath .
tr	I	That one there , and Devon watched him from the shadows of the early night as Robert moved about ordering this servant here .
tr	I	You were just talking gibberish , but I told you Emma was on the phone .
tr	I	He put his hand on her back , and she didn 't seem to be listening .
tr	I	It should tie her over for a while , but she may need to come back for fresher items .
tr	I	No one had been put in charge and there was no real leader among them .
tr	I	How many more , he couldn 't tell , and there would be more on the other side .
tr	I	I sensed a certain subterfuge in his carefully phrased question , and he asked .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , but I tried to call her .
tr	I	He had no doubt that there 'd been a hint of familiarity in that quick look , but Thomas didn 't know if anyone else had noticed .
tr	I	He stopped her , but she reached in to get the satchel she carried almost everywhere .
tr	I	I came from behind and the room was dark .
tr	I	We enjoyed the warmth of each other for most of the morning and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	I could smell the yeast from the beer on his breath and he leaned closer .
tr	I	I point to my ceiling and we lead them back to my room .
tr	I	It was all uphill , but none of it was more strenuous than hiking .
va	I	This was supposed to be the major element in that paper and she was working on her doctoral thesis .
tr	I	I 've spent longer with a grieving father , but I can still remember the small things .
te	I	Cage was pissed off and no doubt Preston was amused .
tr	I	Jake could not remember what it was , but Ironside had something of his .
tr	I	Critically look for discrepancies compared to what he had told her , but with Adams in the interview , Stephanie was able to observe .
tr	I	He seemed disappointed and his face fell .
va	I	God killed me , and I killed Bambi .
tr	I	The cliffs transform into a wall of formless gray and the waves become one long dark blur beside us .
tr	I	She would not , but she wanted to cry in frustration at the hand that fate dealt her .
tr	I	Her thinking he was the best thing since sex was invented , and reaching a loud , simultaneous climax in each other 's arms .
tr	I	It would have been possible in many directions to have reached neighbouring islands by a mere jump and the sea was still calm .
tr	I	A low tingle starts in my lower stomach , and his eyes comb over my body approvingly .
tr	I	She 'd been staring down at her thin hands , and she was perched on the edge of the couch .
tr	I	A gun they think will have your fingerprints on the trigger and they 've found a dead man with his head blown off .
tr	I	I was small then , even for my age and he was a huge dog .
tr	I	Nicholas ' voice is as real as it gets , but my head is packed with darkness .
tr	I	It 's not straight either , but it 's not curly .
tr	I	He halted suddenly when Teresa spoke , but he took a step forward , intending to stop her before she got one step outside his house .
tr	I	I wasn 't disappointed , and I was under no illusion that working at Mickey B 's would be fun .
tr	I	I purr without meaning to , and my fingers rake down his perfectly chiseled chest .
tr	I	He pulled me back against him even more and both of his hands rested on my hips .
te	I	A rush of burning energy into his mind drowned his thoughts out but Zook began to think .
tr	I	I pulled her into my arms and her light tears turned into sobbing .
tr	I	Together they left the room , and Chandler offered her his hand .
tr	I	I saw a smile light up her face , and she opened the corsage cautiously .
tr	I	Cameron secretly agreed with his reasons why , but it had been bad of Daniel to run away from school .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lead Connie but something was stirring in Grace 's memory .
tr	I	She lost herself in a torrent of hysterical laughter , and her mind replayed the elongated butchering of her name .
tr	I	I should have been cold and it was late early fall .
tr	I	They probably developed ulcers in the process , but the mice still got in .
te	I	They strapped some sort of contraption around my head and I was transferred to one of the medical tables .
tr	I	No words came , but he opened his mouth as if to begin .
tr	I	The parking lot fell silent again and the driver turned the car off .
va	I	At this point , I 'm not sure I have one , but I can tell he wants to appeal to my better nature .
tr	I	He didn 't have it , but Grayson wanted it , badly .
va	I	He gave me an audience , and then they checked with him .
tr	I	His neck was a mass of scar tissue on one side , and he had eyes that looked as though they 'd been stolen from an eagle .
tr	I	Barbi , well , she was Barbi and Abby never really warmed up to me .
tr	I	It was all I had ever known before Uganda , but I may not have had the best home life .
tr	I	The light wasn 't gone , but the door closed .
va	I	His curls lay upon the pillow and his long , dark lashes fell on his white cheeks .
tr	I	He will be heading east to Goliad in search of volunteers , but here is the thing - Captain Seguin could do this job .
tr	I	Then he realized that bastard Wyatt was the one urging him on , but at first , he thought the urging was just inside of himself .
tr	I	She doesn 't let anybody use it , but they got a phone inside behind the bar .
tr	I	He inhaled sharply , and it sent fire through me .
tr	I	It had only been a couple of hours since she had completely regained control of herself , and if she did , she would start crying again .
tr	I	They were moving , slowly and there were dark shapes against the glowing light .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to leave him with the wrong impression , and I had no clue what the next few months would bring .
tr	I	He felt a cold patch on the back of his head where it had connected with the floor and his eyes wouldn 't focus .
tr	I	Both look as if they are about to explode with rage but both are staring straight ahead at nothing in particular .
te	I	You 'll be figuring out how to accomplish them and I 'll be giving you the tasks .
tr	I	Xavier kissed her forehead and she then leaned up .
tr	I	Her legs were as skinny as twigs , and she was barefoot .
va	I	The city werewolves had , but shifters seldom got organized .
tr	I	His blue flannel shirt was rumpled , and there was gray in his hair .
tr	I	The hinges squeaked as if it hadn 't been used in a long time , but the door was unlocked .
tr	I	He only caught a few words from the tour guide 's mouth , and James tried to crane his neck over the other kids ' ruckus .
tr	I	There weren 't nearly as many guards out here as there had been in the rotunda , but I passed a few more giants in my wanderings .
tr	I	She didn 't have her ring - and she remembered daylight , full light on her .
tr	I	Madison had trouble fighting an appreciative smile , but at her first sight of him , Brianna 's expression darkened .
tr	I	He never does but I linger outside the classroom door for a while , waiting for Will to return .
tr	I	He does not want to be seen with a camera crew , and he knows these people .
tr	I	I 've been swamped , and it 's tax season .
tr	I	I am part of the dark and he sees in the dark .
tr	I	I approached Liza and my father took a step back .
tr	I	She was tipsy with only half a glass and the bubbly liquid plus nothing to absorb the alcohol immediately went to her brain .
te	I	I 'll be thinking about it all night , or I need to get my mind off it .
tr	I	Thinking back it 's hard to decipher what I was truly feeling and my head was in too weird a place at the time .
va	I	It sure wasn 't the saddle of a pampered little rich girl , and the leather was in prime condition , as supple as it was strong .
tr	I	I 'm a bit shy , but I like them very much .
tr	I	He knew he 'd never forget her , and Grace had made a huge impact on his life in the very short time he 'd known her .
va	I	I closed my eyes , and Anita grabbed my hands .
tr	I	The flip-top gave way , and it hit the wall .
tr	I	If he didn 't get some relief soon he was going to combust and he 'd been fantasizing about Savannah for far too long .
tr	I	There were dozens of reasons to discount the idea , but the thought had crossed his mind , of course .
te	I	The touch of palm against palm was surprisingly intimate , and she had never held hands before .
tr	I	A shiver of fear went down her spine , and even while lying down , he commanded awe .
tr	I	It 's not my body going through this , alright , and I 'm having problems handling things ?
tr	I	Although I learned to accept them , not everything looked good on these hips and I was blessed with curves .
tr	I	The government-issued protection wasn 't there because of him , but Bobby Clarence was a political star on the rise .
tr	I	She reached up to brush her hair out of her face and the cool autumn breeze lifted her hair off her shoulders .
te	I	Once the silence was broken , the noise level ramped up pretty quickly , and those who stayed behind began talking .
tr	I	They carried odd , curled horns , but there were two trumpeters between them .
tr	I	I was but I tried not to glare at Nichole .
tr	I	She shook as if she was throwing up and Kristin 's eyes rolled back into her head .
te	I	I didn 't give him the chance , but he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something to me .
va	I	James climbed in , and Lucas opened the car .
te	I	Her back arched up and her grip tightened on the hilt .
tr	I	I laid the gun down beside me , and the first of several patrol cars pulled into the driveway .
va	I	It didn 't but she says she knows for a fact that car should have rammed right into her car .
tr	I	I imagined Talbott was really good at his job , but I didn 't know many bodyguards in general .
tr	I	She reacted , but if he hadn 't been touching her in that instant he might have missed it .
te	I	You will make Leo 's life stressful and you will not get far .
tr	I	He 's watching him go and I look at my dad .
va	I	The sad thing was I didn 't really appreciate it ... but Life was paradise back then .
tr	I	He wanted to shout them and the words came to him now .
te	I	He crashed on the bed empty handed , and I teleported away at the last second .
tr	I	Roger 's touch is too aggressive , but I try to pretend it 's James .
tr	I	I feel my stomach muscles contract as my breath catches in my throat and he slides one finger , then another , easily into my vagina .
tr	I	It didn 't matter whether he made it out alive , but I could have dragged him clear first .
va	I	The stars were washed out behind the glare of stadium lights , but he glanced up at the sky .
tr	I	My dick was pressed right against her and I was still spooning Liza .
tr	I	There wasn 't even anyone watching , and I was laughing , actually laughing .
tr	I	I theoretically had his apartment , but I didn 't have Marcus .
tr	I	He knew where the guards were posted and Logan knew the way to the room .
tr	I	None of them were going to come true within the next minute , but she wished for many , many things .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but she asked .
va	I	Darius reacted sharply , but I was joking .
tr	I	None of his exertions had any effect on the heavy slab of metal but he clawed at the radio board .
tr	I	Mrs. K gasped then clapped with unrestrained excitement and his fiancee extended her hand the way any woman shows off her engagement ring .
tr	I	Our way was blocked by a massive growth of Wisteria , but we started to him .
te	I	I nearly dropped it trying to get it to my ear , and my cell phone rang .
va	I	It fills the crack under the closet door and he flicks on the lights .
tr	I	I put my hands out to stop her and she started to take a step towards me .
tr	I	We begin to move cautiously , and Skyla takes up my hand .
te	I	The question was out there now , but he looked a bit unnerved to share it .
tr	I	Rain poured down in a drenching torrent and the SKY OPENED up .
va	I	He doesn 't move , but he 's so close .
tr	I	The blossoming trees were full of radiant colour and the gravel on the driveway was satisfyingly pliant .
tr	I	Instead he might have played a role in driving her away , and he 'd have done anything to keep his little sister safe .
te	I	The odour became even more pungent and the mixture began to lighten slightly .
tr	I	His eyes went wide and Adam 's mouth gaped .
tr	I	The young man protested which was unusual , but traditionally , they decided to leave Heyday in the space ship .
tr	I	A bell pinged in the air and the air jets immediately turned off .
tr	I	He doesn 't argue , but the corners of his mouth twitch .
te	I	They studied the pile of branches on the floor and lacy backed out of the tree .
va	I	I liked that , and I was invisible to him .
tr	I	It was too late but Len bawled , trying to stop her .
tr	I	She wondered if it would ever end , and it was the best kind of falling .
tr	I	It 's obvious to everyone what your weak spot is , but you don 't hide your feelings , which is admirable .
tr	I	They hadn 't had it since she 'd left for college , but it was her sister Carolyn 's favorite dish .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to attend for another week , but the new school had accepted him .
va	I	Yet I 'd gotten one bad sunburn as a teenager , and my mom had been almost OCD about not letting us burn when we were kids .
tr	I	The day was turning dark and a bit of fog was rolling in .
tr	I	Eyes closed and he occupied the center of the master bedroom , standing with head back .
tr	I	The gray gloom of winter was still present , just in different form , and Snow had been replaced by chilling rain .
te	I	My stuff is your stuff and your stuff is my stuff .
tr	I	The heroin was inspected for purity and Romano remained in his car while the account balances were verified .
tr	I	Merrill backed up another step and claws formed on my fingers .
tr	I	Lea greeted him first as Azalea stood in the background as awkward as ever and he got up .
tr	I	She replied with a cheeky wink and I gave my thanks to Becky .
tr	I	Their words more than urged her , but neither of the demons laid a finger on her .
tr	I	I gasped , and he withdrew a weird-looking gun from his side .
tr	I	It was nice , but it was weird .
tr	I	He would endure the worst of the worst for her , and Annabelle had become the most important part of his life .
te	I	Frankly he was too afraid to take the time anyway , and he knew there was no time to cover his tracks .
tr	I	Then she knew , and she glanced round the room again .
tr	I	She wasn 't exactly abnormal enough either , but she wasn 't exactly normal .
te	I	The lead vehicle was now entering into the parking lot and the matte black S.W.A.T. vehicles were making the last turn .
tr	I	They all nodded in agreement and Elizabeth looked to the others .
tr	I	He 's got centuries of experience , and we 're just kids .
tr	I	Most of them just whispered about me , but some of them made polite conversation .
tr	I	Basha saw their red eyes grow bright and the black wolves howled .
te	I	I took it as a gift that he did not hit me upon entering , but I didn 't like him in the house .
va	I	Well , Drew 's a great friend , and good friends don 't question stalkerish tendencies .
tr	I	I don 't say anything and my breath catches .
tr	I	She protested with a plaintive whimper and he slipped out of her .
tr	I	I created a type of void and I launched myself into the air spinning as I ascended .
tr	I	I thought of what Torin had said , and mom made a noncommittal sound in reply .
tr	I	Agnes prevented her escape by standing in her way , but she made a move to leave .
va	I	The meeting came to an end and Mr Hughes made further positive noises to Rick .
tr	I	She got to travel and the money was great .
tr	I	I 'm giving you nothing , and you are giving me everything .
tr	I	The word escaped his lips before he could stop it , and still , after reading the article , Chris couldn 't help it .
tr	I	They 're coming , and he 's contacted the children .
tr	I	Some of the things she 'd heard in the past still made her blush but Pearl considered herself fairly liberal .
tr	I	Jamie felt a gasp escape at the pulsing invasion , and he nudged in a little farther .
tr	I	Ellen seemed to like it and the program was reasonably priced .
tr	I	I turn around so she can change , but this girl is going to be the death of me .
tr	I	Then the spirit stood before me , and the momentary cold descended upon us .
tr	I	An outsider had been difficult and Always being the new kid .
tr	I	Finally she spoke , but the moment of silence stretched on for an eternity that Thomas ' didn 't want to end .
tr	I	This is an emergency but normally I go here in the morning when I have more time .
tr	I	It lit up the room , but the light did not burn .
tr	I	That first one will always hold a special place in my heart , but over the last three years , I 've taught dozens of classes .
tr	I	He didn 't come out with it , but she sensed he had something else to say .
tr	I	He was ahead of her , but she reached for his buttons .
tr	I	This time he was seriously pissed off , but he doesn 't get mad very often .
te	I	Now his voice was decisive , not to be argued with , but it was unlike Nick to say anything at meetings .
tr	I	He 'd never force her but he 'd wanted her to leave the city .
tr	I	Surely he felt a little intelligent fear , but he did not stop .
tr	I	They appeared to be soldiers from the states of America and they were in blue uniforms .
tr	I	It just didn 't work , but I tried not to look in Eric 's eyes , so I could leave him with a clear conscience .
tr	I	I couldn 't read what was behind his eyes , but it was a level stare .
tr	I	Love would have been a better approach and forgiveness would have been a better start .
te	I	It was apparent that he had not succeeded in removing the slow poison from the royal spring , but Heather understood little of what he said .
tr	I	We all knew it was true , but he dismissed those as rumors .
tr	I	We stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	I	The rafters slung low , but the ceiling was high .
te	I	His hand landed just above my knee , and Aiden 's other arm swung around with startling quickness .
te	I	His absence of senses made these memories all the more vivid , and he found himself exploring old memories , the absence of the physical world .
tr	I	Trance music blasted from the speakers , and there was a DJ booth along one wall .
tr	I	Yet there was no sign of the exit and we had been running for a long time .
tr	I	I notice the lack of stars in the sky , and the sun has set a few hours ago .
tr	I	The only one who would end up hurt would be her , and she had gotten too close to him , too fast .
tr	I	His face was stone and she looked at him .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I was rambling .
tr	I	The man studied him carefully , as though noticing him for the first time , and the boy watched him , curious , through the mesh fence .
tr	I	There was more to this thing between them , but Attraction was easy .
va	I	They all knew it and the man was dying .
tr	I	It really was silly , but she hadn 't meant to .
tr	I	Jase could see the outline of the head pointing to the right , but his dick was soft .
tr	I	Sticking out further than the others was a blue mini bus , and noticeable by the colour .
tr	I	It was dimmed by my intense urgency , but I felt anger towards Ollie again .
tr	I	The dead man was indeed without a holster strapped around his middle but Seth hadn 't noticed at first .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say why , and he was nervous , edgy .
tr	I	She wasn 't tryin ' to hide nothin ' and the moon was right up there .
tr	I	Bryan turned up the volume and there was silence .
te	I	I possessed a coolness of judgment that fitted me for illustrious achievements , but my feelings are profound .
tr	I	If ever I had seen two miserable people , this was the occasion , and for a second the two men embraced .
te	I	Only fresh death helped them wet them again , and before magic returned to faerie , their hats were dry .
tr	I	It felt like home but it 's kinda old .
tr	I	I 'd be alone again and Nick would go to jail for a long time .
tr	I	He held Corinne to him , locking her mind to his and Dayan immediately allowed Julian to close the wound in his chest .
tr	I	Conor doubted whether he had ever seen a better human match for a bear , and he stood almost half a head taller than Tarik .
te	I	Her voice was all at once almost angry , and her blue eyes were glaring .
tr	I	She 'd just cornered Zoe with her own words , and her mother knew just how to twist a point in order to make her own .
tr	I	She had almost made it out of the room before he caught Millie 's arm , and he pursued her .
tr	I	He listened for a while as two men argued and loud voices carried across the empty space .
tr	I	He kept his argument to himself , but Aric 's jaw went tight in response .
tr	I	The teasing didn 't end , but then he started to run .
tr	I	As long as they 're secure I 'm happy , but they 'll stick out over the edges .
te	I	They help us through the day but we don 't always learn their proper names .
tr	I	I had no idea that he would go to those lengths , but I knew Owen had been angry .
tr	I	I don 't like the idea of being in dark alleys with her , but I should slow .
va	I	I certainly enjoyed learning to attack more than I liked repeatedly attempting to free myself from an assailant , and Bex seemed to enjoy teaching those more .
tr	I	You will behave properly , from now on NO more compassion for anyone inferior to you and you are my child .
va	I	He was about to finish it , but she may have started the game .
tr	I	It was calling him and there was somebody 's face there .
tr	I	There was a light breeze blowing the curtains gently and the windows were open to bright sunlight .
tr	I	That lack of contact had more to do with their schedules than anything else , but Gio didn 't speak to Luke often .
tr	I	He started to remove his jacket , and he could do something about that .
te	I	Gunther 's two-story home looked empty and the street was quiet .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted to her feet , and she gasped .
tr	I	That made her wonder , and the Origin story didn 't cover that .
tr	I	I didn 't kill him , but Pete 's family calls me a murderer .
tr	I	He opened his eyes and a few seconds later all movement ceased .
tr	I	That was enough time for folks to realize that Bria was here , but it had only taken us about two minutes to get through security .
tr	I	I rolled onto my back to stare up at the ceiling and finally my eyes flew open .
va	I	Now they were even rarer still , but his smiles had always been rare .
va	I	We 're not doing anything to get him back , and he needs us .
tr	I	They were continuing to navigate its successful completion to the FDA and now he had a study that proved how dangerous sedatives were .
tr	I	I interrupt but Knox starts to say .
tr	I	She blamed herself for being so vulnerable to him but he was definitely taking advantage of her body 's reaction to him .
tr	I	As he comes closer to me , I start to feel almost faint and he smiles cordially .
tr	I	He didn 't attempt to touch her again , but she was still within his reach .
tr	I	He fielded them as I strode away and there were a number .
tr	I	Edwin just didn 't swing that way , and he was a man .
va	I	I went left and she went right .
tr	I	They were all many days old , but the smells of people were here , of course .
tr	I	He would accept without protest , and the Deity would penalize him , of course .
tr	I	She could tell exactly when his thoughts shifted to other things , and his eyes drifted over her .
te	I	Nell wasn 't surprised , either , but no , she didn 't remember .
tr	I	I don 't doubt this guy for a second , but it 's crazy .
tr	I	The place had been torched ... and she 'd gone to Chance 's house .
te	I	Your father is there , too , but you look so much like her .
tr	I	It had a life of its own but I meant to sanitize my response .
tr	I	There was nothing there but Golden dipped her hand in to feel for the phone .
tr	I	I pulled her tighter to me and her body shuddered in my grip .
tr	I	I 'd never have gotten to sleep , or I didn 't lay there too long .
tr	I	I didn 't have the courage to say them , but there were so many things I wanted to say .
tr	I	Lynette 's mouth curved upward , and his resentful infatuation was touching .
tr	I	Hopefully there won 't be a strike , and the union will be voting on our offer soon .
va	I	He didn 't show any signs of slowing down , but his shirt was torn along the midsection , exposing a row of taut abs .
tr	I	The only thing I could think of was your memory and there had to be a price paid for a miracle .
va	I	It lights me up from the inside , and he circles my neck with kisses .
tr	I	I recognized the one from the ranch and a few police officers were standing around .
va	I	People knew it and Kimber definitely knew how to throw a party .
va	I	Light streamed in through the gap , and he wiped away a large flake of dried blood .
va	I	The young girl sighed with relief and I chuckled .
tr	I	Theo was certain that it wasn 't a standard percussion instrument , but the sound was familiar .
tr	I	The name was cut from his lips and the Lender gave him a sharp look .
tr	I	Her mouth dried and her pulse raced .
va	I	She willingly opened to him and his knee parted her thighs .
tr	I	I 'd say we are close , but the shadows have not fallen yet .
tr	I	It turned into a long , lingering kiss , but it was meant to be a brief one .
tr	I	She was crying loudly , and one of the robbers was yelling at Brandy , one of my fellow tellers , to open the safe .
tr	I	It opened whole new vistas to me , and his rueful admission made my morning complete .
te	I	I think I 'm trembling and my gaze followed that hand .
tr	I	It took a few minutes for their eyes to adjust to the lack of light , and it was dark inside .
tr	I	Tiger would have something to say to them or the word had got around the school that no one was supposed to talk to her .
tr	I	That made me want to smile for some reason and she even looked like a Harper .
va	I	She didn 't mind , but Lauren had fallen far down on her list of friends .
tr	I	It brought fear like she had never known into her life and it was painful .
tr	I	She couldn 't be convinced of anything otherwise , but the very thought of it made me gag .
te	I	Lupe was taken , or Lupe was dead .
tr	I	Things would be a lot different from now on and she 'd turned a new leaf .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who got distracted , and Greg Slade was impossible not to watch during class .
te	I	She continued to talk with my grandma and I handed the phone to my mom .
tr	I	How could she really tell , but he didn 't look as if he was ?
tr	I	He didn 't launch into a lecture , but he sighed as if in resignation .
tr	I	She hadn 't even had makeup at his place to hide any of it , and her face was pretty beat-up .
tr	I	She was able to get enough of a hold to lift herself onto the roof but her fingers scrambled for purchase on the slippery shingles .
tr	I	It would take me to them and I would just follow my nose .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open , and my gaze shifted to the bartender .
tr	I	I saw that she was smiling , and I looked up into her face .
te	I	There is no answer and I try my house .
tr	I	Blood dripped down his body in several places , and his face was flushed .
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was bad enough for me to mention it , but it hurt more than usual when I got up .
tr	I	It gave me a little shock and I reached up to grasp it .
tr	I	It seemed to be going well and they met up a few times .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't enjoy it , but he didn 't know what it was .
tr	I	I listen as feet begin pacing the room and a chair scrapes against the floor .
tr	I	This time he hiked it over her waist , and only this time , it was in the back .
tr	I	Those blue eyes held hers and he 'd removed the shades .
tr	I	I shook my head at her terrible manners and she finished her Coke in one long pull .
tr	I	I focused back on him and he made a slight sound .
te	I	It didn 't change anything , but I hadn 't known that .
tr	I	I resisted , but I could almost feel Blake 's gaze boring into me , imploring me to look up .
tr	I	It splashed against an unseen barrier a foot away from his body , but Ramirez hurled a second shaft of green light at him .
tr	I	She needed to gather up what she could , and Galloping out of town with nothing was just flat-out dumb .
tr	I	It felt like two hundred , but when we got into the last month of my pregnancy , I 'd only gained twenty seven pounds .
tr	I	They lacked my training , but four of them attacked me .
tr	I	Her appetite had returned in full force and Dianna was the most grateful for dry land again .
va	I	It seemed to sniff the air and its tip rose from the floor .
tr	I	It kept going straight to voicemail , but I tried calling his cell phone .
tr	I	The flicker of hurt flashed in his eyes , but Rick shrugged .
tr	I	She was far more cunning , but the monsters at her door might be stronger than she was .
tr	I	The crashing of the waves echoed from the sides of the room , and the river was a torrent .
tr	I	She was beginning to think they were lost , and they 'd been riding for over two hours .
tr	I	I don 't even really know why , but I laughed .
te	I	It still came out cold , but Erin kept her voice steady .
tr	I	Everything turned so white , and it 's funny how the trees have become thin .
tr	I	She figured she 'd go along for the ride , but she hadn 't heard of most of these stores .
va	I	My mother handed me her bouquet and we walked up to the altar .
va	I	She now understood why there were so many casualties and the country was built for defence , not attack .
tr	I	He looked down at his spear , and she quickly winked at him .
tr	I	I gasped and his member brushed across my leg .
tr	I	I didn 't have a lightning bolt scar on my forehead and the only thing missing was a basket .
tr	I	I would have freaked out my family if I had done that but I almost thought about making it as miserable for you as possible .
tr	I	He gave me the doc 's private number and I phoned Captain Sullivan .
tr	I	He took the book out of my hands , and Eliot got a sad look in his eye .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was beaten .
tr	I	Everyone in the cavern leans in to hear what is about to be said , and Lennox asks .
va	I	A door opened and the lights went out .
te	I	He simply hadn 't bothered to come back for the few possessions he 'd left here , and maybe Mr. Layton was fine .
tr	I	He idly strokes my outstretched leg , and I lean a little toward him .
te	I	A slow creeping sensation of jealousy made its way up my spine , and my ears perked up .
tr	I	He 's around , but I may not see Singer .
tr	I	She would walk away from this position or she had to choose her words wisely .
tr	I	Then the buzzer sounded , and there was a pause .
tr	I	I was amazed , and she opened the door .
tr	I	He ordered you to see that I was made comfortable , and I 'm here by your leader 's invitation .
tr	I	It didn 't matter but the mattress was firm .
va	I	She knew he was hunting her , but she couldn 't see him yet .
tr	I	I shoved him into the stove , but he went to walk past me .
tr	I	I nodded in reply , trying to catch my breath and he whispered in my ear .
tr	I	He grimaced , and I stared at him in alarm .
tr	I	She deserved to have something she wanted even more than her own nickname , and it had been one helluva day .
tr	I	If he did , Argos would never see it coming , and he knew he could enter them fast enough .
tr	I	Anne picked a fight with Julie , and Monday evening 's practice was a little hectic .
tr	I	I swallowed fear , and my nerves flared .
tr	I	Rourke held me fast , but I yelled , struggling to get loose .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to let him get off that easy , but he knew part of her was reveling in their volley match .
va	I	There is no reason , or as for being somewhere you 're not supposed to be - maybe you 're here for a reason .
tr	I	Just the way he 's acting tells me that he knows something , but I 'm still not sure if he knows exactly who I am .
tr	I	My folks were socializing and the crickets were at full chirp .
tr	I	I heard the rustle of people turning in their seats and the room quieted down .
tr	I	I batted it back , but again that stupid blush crept up .
te	I	She was determined to prove him right and Dad thought she was good enough to be in the Olympics one day .
tr	I	I wasn 't home , and I trust William 's opinions , of course .
tr	I	For her to know his meant the connection ran both ways , but part of the taming was his ability to read her thoughts .
tr	I	It was a moment of very real fear that closed around us and all three of us looked at each other .
tr	I	The women glanced up , and Ethan cleared his throat .
tr	I	There was nothing left and Dominic didn 't stop until the last block was smashed .
tr	I	I will not change it , and it has already been decided .
tr	I	They nudged through a small crowd to gain seats near the window , and Garrett gestured to the right , claiming it had the better view .
va	I	I climb off and Trent parks the bike .
tr	I	Then she looked up , and she looked straight ahead , dully , with no thought of him standing there , apparently .
tr	I	It was getting even worse during the last weeks , but she never talked much .
va	I	He could smell the decay of the river , and he was running closer to the wharves now .
tr	I	When he put his foot on it in experimentation , he sank to his ankle , and it looked like a spongy marsh .
tr	I	Her eyes were sharp with hatred , but Felice shut her mouth .
tr	I	His hands were big enough to discourage making him angry on purpose , but he could be a bit slow in the head .
tr	I	It was crammed with books , and the room was not large .
tr	I	She is stifling but I love her .
tr	I	She raced over to him , and all thoughts of the dating disaster left her .
te	I	If she wasn 't , he was prepared for a good hard slap , and he figured if she was willing , she would kiss him back .
tr	I	His cool lips ever so briefly brush my cheek with gentle kisses , but I don 't know if it is my vulnerability that touches him .
tr	I	She wasn 't beyond caring now and she wasn 't beyond caring then .
va	I	He snuggles up to it like a child and I place the duvet from the back of the couch over my dad .
tr	I	He held my face , staring down and his fingers wrapped around the underside of my chin .
tr	I	It seemed to help quell the fear they both felt and they exchanged small talk as they walked .
tr	I	He should have discussed it with her , allowed her to come to terms with it , but Marcus may have done what he thought was best .
tr	I	The successful completion is yet to be attained , but the tools seem to be there .
tr	I	I installed a new one and the other one quit on me a couple of years ago .
tr	I	They 're serious and she says she met someone .
tr	I	Life in the cities is greatly improved , and Romanization progresses in the provinces .
tr	I	Laurel had been seeing both of them a lot , but they were taking things slow , giving her time to adjust .
va	I	She couldn 't let her bitter feelings toward him soften , and she couldn 't forgive him for choosing money over her .
tr	I	The screen flickered on , and he wiggled the mouse .
tr	I	The boy only knew any truth because of him , and he was the only one Josiah felt he really knew .
tr	I	Balthazar felt a small thrill of triumph , and the angry flash in his eyes threatened to shake his composure for the first time .
tr	I	The tea was even hotter and the cup was very hot .
tr	I	Malcolm shoves the shell into my hands and the test light on the DG turns green .
tr	I	He forcefully put his hand over it , but she opened her mouth wide to yell .
tr	I	I can 't help the laugh that escapes me and he unlocks a tan Malibu .
tr	I	There was no way I was going to be able to fall back asleep , and add in the noisy birds .
tr	I	Belinda would be seated to his right , and he 'd instructed that he 'd take his usual seat at the head of the table .
tr	I	He held her firm but she tried to jerk away from his touch .
tr	I	The cicadas haven 't started up yet , but Evening is coming .
tr	I	Camp Beaver became the primary entry point into the Land Between the Lakes Park from the east and these communities grew daily .
tr	I	She holds my shuddering body tight against hers and I bury my face in Alex 's chest .
tr	I	He began to cry , and his face had turned white .
tr	I	She certainly couldn 't deny it outright either , but she couldn 't say she 'd done it .
tr	I	I was afraid to call out his name , but I had an idea who it was .
tr	I	He was a bit taller , but Sir Brian Sloan was the same sort of man .
te	I	It was ancient history already , and that was as far as they knew about .
te	I	He managed to meet William 's probing stare , but his voice wasn 't quite steady .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to articulate , but the slick man 's mouth opened .
tr	I	Everyone in our group laughed at her hypothesis , but Ivy insisted Brandon had something to do with the wolves retreating .
tr	I	My body moves as if jerked by a string , but I don 't want to turn toward the voice .
tr	I	I promise you no horseplay will be tolerated there , and you are preparing for junior high .
va	I	Harried would fit in perfectly with my persona and me appearing panicked .
tr	I	She knew no one else was affected by it but it reminded her of Gabriel 's strange ability .
tr	I	She was really excited to go and Amelia had never been to Vegas .
tr	I	That certainly didn 't need to be done the first day he was back , but yes , there were some legal papers to be drawn up .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how much of it he can actually make out , but he squints at the scene blurring by .
tr	I	Nicole took a soft , deep breath , and the line fell silent for a moment .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but his eyes pleaded with me to stop fighting him .
te	I	There is no point spilling our blood as well , but she 's going to save Patrick , if they make it , great .
tr	I	He could leave and once they dismissed him , he 'd be handed a piece of white paper .
te	I	Lights twinkled in every home , and the roofs were still snow-covered .
va	I	He 'd been to hypnotists and he 'd been to doctors .
tr	I	She was ready to close and the hour was past eight .
va	I	Her palms grew moist and Maddie 's heart raced .
tr	I	A burly man stepped out and he started down the dirt road past the occupied campsite , just as the tent flap opened .
tr	I	A large animal came into view , and there was an odd rustling sound .
tr	I	Without seeming too curious , I quizzed them about him , and I have met several inmates here at Frostburg who were sentenced by Fawcett .
tr	I	He fell asleep right there on the floor , but we played with Noah for a little while .
tr	I	At the top of the vent he turned back , but he wriggled up without being told .
tr	I	Her full lips were most often curled into a large smile , and she had a small spattering of freckles across her petite nose .
tr	I	It isn 't good , and they 're sharing something .
tr	I	They weren 't expecting how it worked out , but these would all be unencrypted while they watched .
tr	I	The hands gripping his spear were the only indication of his struggle and he was more controlled .
tr	I	He spoke many languages but he was not only a renowned marksman .
tr	I	I recognized the outline of AJ and I focused my vision !
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	I	The eclipse was complete and a brief eternity passed .
tr	I	That 's okay , but I know I 'm in trouble with the school administrators .
tr	I	The cup was steady , but the bendable straw in it moved a little bit from the upward movement .
tr	I	We had crossed a battlefield together , but they shouldn 't have taken my order .
tr	I	With the clear night she was able to get the full view , and this was the highest up in the mountain she 'd ever go .
tr	I	Jonathan dropped her hand , and footsteps returned .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut , and the room shifted to the left .
tr	I	I don 't go the whole way but I 'm a gangster .
tr	I	Hart opened the front door with his key , and the town coach rumbled away .
tr	I	Her orgasm consumed her , and James pushed her over the edge .
tr	I	It was enough , and I was alive .
tr	I	Today was different but Reed had always enjoyed polo .
tr	I	She felt his love , but he never said he loved her .
tr	I	I was immediately airborne , and I thrust with my soft wings .
tr	I	It did not budge , but he pushed the door slightly .
tr	I	She was able to relax again and he left the conference room .
tr	I	They 'd be tardy or the first bell of the morning rang to warn students to get to class in sixty seconds .
tr	I	Then I let the horse go , and I turn to look at Mutt .
te	I	I decided I needed a cigarette and all the stuff going on before the wedding turned out to be pretty stressful .
tr	I	Her face had never been more lovely to him , but she was too thin still , far too thin .
tr	I	First , I need for you to understand something , but I need to ask you a few things , Finn .
tr	I	There was no answering sound from below , but she waited a long moment .
tr	I	It will take a while but we 're running a program against the variables .
va	I	I needed to rectify that , and I stood there once again at a disadvantage .
tr	I	In her heart , she shuddered , but Violet patted her sister 's arm .
tr	I	I overheard it , and they had your address .
tr	I	Elizabeth knew he saved Josh 's life , but Randy didn 't want to discuss how he managed the horror filled ATV ride to the truck .
tr	I	At the same time perfectly natural , as if he 'd known all along that she was the woman he needed and the thought was strange .
tr	I	Between the collage of trees she spotted the golden eyes staring back at her , and Kylie stared into the woods .
tr	I	I knew he would be perfect for the role and he had caught the essence of the character instantly .
tr	I	Caroline 's heart ached for his loss , and she seemed like such a sweet person .
te	I	I was okay with that , but I was being selfish .
va	I	I was afraid he might be unpleasantly surprised if he took a good long look , but I didn 't dispel the ideal right then .
te	I	Gem was very familiar with the layout , and I built it a few years ago .
tr	I	He hadn 't been able to voice it , but her name had echoed in his mind .
tr	I	I nodded , hurrying around the opposite corner , and Fred pointed at the door marked # 323 .
tr	I	He wouldn 't explain any more , and he wouldn 't push any more .
tr	I	The numbness of what happened began to wear off and I hadn 't even thought of the vision until much later , when I was home .
tr	I	Suddenly he looked like he had an idea , and Ben saw that .
tr	I	They 're also not stupid , but they 're connected by hoses .
va	I	She couldn 't reverse that one , but she already felt that they 'd made the worst move of all by entering this house .
te	I	He 's still a smart guy , but Zander may be acting like a fool when it comes to Ivy .
tr	I	I wanted them glued to the door , but it was nice of them .
te	I	We 're all thrown physically in all directions and Electric light blasts into the aluminum tunnel wall .
va	I	He went for his racquet anyway , but Neil knew it was a bad idea .
tr	I	This feeling was agony , but it took away from some of the numb .
tr	I	Maybe we should be just friends for now , but I can 't pretend I don 't have feelings for you .
tr	I	I applaud him and the song finishes .
tr	I	At the moment , Jonah seemed like the bigger threat , but maybe Butch hadn 't gone inside for the night yet .
te	I	From the afterlife she had learned a great deal , and she had seen him when she was a spirit .
tr	I	She felt it , and he was strong .
tr	I	The tumors were now in the lungs , and they had removed most of her stomach .
tr	I	For once she was at a loss , but she knew she needed to do something .
te	I	His head bowed and his hands came behind his back .
te	I	They did their dance , and he grabbed another cigarette .
tr	I	He 's basically a loner , but I think he likes me .
va	I	It made her feel very small , very lost and she heard the forlorn sound of her own voice .
tr	I	Charlie was pleased he 'd thought of it and that looked like a slip .
tr	I	Her nostrils flared , and two angry spots of colour burned on my aunt 's cheeks .
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to go with that , and that was a wonderful gesture .
tr	I	She had never done it , but she knew it was possible .
tr	I	He ate reflexively and I laid some dinner in front of him .
tr	I	The food here is terrible and I don 't know .
tr	I	I saw nothing , and I looked ahead .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting so many , but Merrill warned me they might be there .
tr	I	Jason soon followed his example , and Talon had fallen asleep quickly after a long day of riding .
tr	I	He catches the bottle before it hits the floor and Kayden 's arm dashes forward .
tr	I	She didn 't intend to let any negative energy ripple through the crowd and she knew how fast gossip spread .
tr	I	The sun was just coming over the lake beyond the house we 'd rented for the week and it was late by then .
tr	I	A shadow as Mohammed entered , and immediately they could see the stall door open .
tr	I	Sabin could not always stop it from inflicting doubts on others , and the demon couldn 't help itself .
tr	I	One of the most interesting was called Star Trek , and I 've studied the time period 's speculative fiction .
tr	I	He was happy that Petrov didn 't , but Seth thought he 'd be much better off picking the ground .
tr	I	She exhales noisily and her features smooth .
tr	I	A woman answered , and I dialed the number Kelsey 's father had given me .
va	I	There was something about him that gave her pause , but his expression hadn 't changed .
tr	I	He makes me happy , and he stays .
tr	I	The man 's expression went loose , and plaster floured the air .
tr	I	I had a feeling we 'd need the privacy , but I left the door open a tiny bit so we could still hear Noah .
tr	I	You know very well that we must sacrifice any black blood born in our tribe and our blood boils for the god of fire .
va	I	He was clearly not dead but Ironside was badly wounded .
tr	I	I saw those that 'd been killed standing beside me in that reflection , and I saw my reflection in the black tar .
tr	I	He led me to the floor , and I placed my hand in his .
te	I	The light was good , but when she reached the camp the sun was down .
tr	I	I made my way into the kitchen to grab a plate , and my body relaxed , finally .
tr	I	Her gaze dims and her smile fades .
tr	I	He was not going to let her out but her displeasure was obvious as she tried to push away .
tr	I	I can see right into the living room and the curtain 's falling down on one side .
tr	I	That lump rises in the back of my throat again , and she sounds more than a little bit awestruck .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but the table had been set for two .
tr	I	She almost spit it out and to Andra it tasted bitter .
va	I	He was so appreciative of their friendship , and it inspired Will to do the same .
te	I	It 's wrong for me and it 's wrong for you .
tr	I	His wit even sharper and his eyes were still as sharp as ever .
tr	I	He was smart about it , but he figured out I had been taken .
tr	I	The baby was the result , and she 'd been raped .
tr	I	The Laundromat wasn 't busy yet and it was early in the day .
tr	I	Spencer stilled them with his own and my hands began to visibly shake .
tr	I	She didn 't try to pull away , and I still had her hand in mine .
tr	I	He couldn 't lie to her either , but he hadn 't wanted to tell Chloe they were fake .
tr	I	He studied the sky and his head snapped up .
tr	I	It was hardly warm but his smirk was back .
tr	I	That gave us the flexibility to treat every client like a VIP , but we were far from the biggest firm in the Greater Sacramento area .
tr	I	He kept Sara clear , easier to accomplish than blocking her surprise proposal from his mind , but debris pounded his back .
te	I	I gladly take it and he hands me a coffee .
va	I	Even the king of cynicism was blown away , and I looked at Stoneman .
tr	I	She poured him a generous helping and Dad mumbled a barely coherent yes .
tr	I	They need us and they need you .
tr	I	I hadn 't heard Bryce and ten minutes had gone by .
tr	I	She saw a few yellow , but mostly the lights were green .
tr	I	I 'll explain and ' Be quiet a minute , please .
te	I	She 'd come here with the intention of giving it and Cheyenne had begged for her support .
tr	I	I am and I told you I was coming .
tr	I	Our marriage collapsing , but we 'd gotten along like this for many years , living in quiet desperation , our kids content enough .
tr	I	His mom stepped inside and he was still admiring his handiwork when the front door flew open .
tr	I	I managed a few ragged gulps of air , but my ribs felt like twigs someone snapped within me .
tr	I	Neither of us shouted , which is good , and I think we cleared a lot of air .
tr	I	My wrists are fastened down , but I try to reach out .
tr	I	He groaned low in his throat , and her fingers tucked inside his boxers .
tr	I	She has every right to feel that way and she 's verbalized in the past how she feels about me .
tr	I	She couldn 't help saying it , but she knew it wouldn 't make him feel any better .
tr	I	Annie considered it her duty as their daughter to encourage their reconciliation , and her parents needed each other .
tr	I	They had lost their meaning for him , but he said the words by rote .
va	I	At least it wasn 't on my floor , but I wasn 't thrilled about that .
te	I	Surveyed his herd and * * * Brant reined Sugar to a halt on a rise .
tr	I	They both turned to look , and Madison stopped short beside him .
tr	I	I chanced a glance back and the trail turned .
tr	I	The stench of burning , charred meat filled the room , and her blond hair went up in a puff of smoke .
tr	I	God wills it to be so , but I never intended to leave you so soon .
tr	I	I 'm probably in her way , and her locker 's next to mine .
tr	I	I can 't remember what it was ... but I have a good idea .
tr	I	It is a distraction that brings me comfort so I indulge for a moment but I know none are available .
tr	I	I was missing my home and enough years went by that I thought I could return .
tr	I	People took a little longer to turn on their fellow humankind and Daylight was not as scary .
tr	I	I should have it done within a week , and it is going to be easy to purify .
tr	I	I had kept my eye on him and he had stood unmoving the entire time .
tr	I	He heard the horrified screams behind Keeley , but for a moment he didn 't know what had occurred .
tr	I	That was expected of her kind , but the woman was pale .
tr	I	I let it out , a white puff of smoke rising in front of my face , and I 'd been holding my breath the whole time .
tr	I	Suzy was powerless to turn away and Gray studied her intently for a few moments .
tr	I	Of course there wasn 't one , but I glanced around for a weapon .
tr	I	I waved him off , but he dug out his wallet .
tr	I	Lil was tidying the coiled up moor line , but Coop was nowhere to be seen .
tr	I	He woke up a bit more , and it closed with a quiet snap .
te	I	The day of his father 's deadline had arrived , and a week was soon up .
tr	I	None of them compared to her best friend 's , but she 'd been to some spectacular weddings .
tr	I	Drake grabbed his arm with both hands , and Madoc 's big body started tilting sideways .
tr	I	The Amazons knelt behind her , and the leader approached him again .
tr	I	She 'd worry about that after she got away , but her head still hurt painfully .
tr	I	He appears not to have heard , but Serena risks a glance at Kai .
tr	I	It still bothered me that she hadn 't answered the phone , and she was my friend .
tr	I	Their displeasure was more because of Jeff than anything he had done , but Willy had tried his best to please the customers .
tr	I	Soon I 'd have a full-on attack and panic was overtaking me .
tr	I	It couldn 't hurt to try it , but the idea was a long shot , a very long shot .
tr	I	It didn 't help , but she pulled her T-shirt over the bottom half of her face .
tr	I	It was easier now that the house was warm again , but I was still uncomfortable talking about it .
te	I	Adam was all for fire , but I thought drowning .
tr	I	It wasn 't so the two of them could have a happily-ever-after , and she knew the reason why Sawyer had married her .
tr	I	A small boy ran into the dome and a pair of swinging double doors nearby flew open .
tr	I	That friendship wasn 't exclusive , but I considered Peggy a friend .
tr	I	You 'll be reading well by the end of the month , and we 'll have coffee every day for a month .
tr	I	She knew it wasn 't her ... but sometimes she woke up in the morning after having crazy dreams about a girl who looked like her .
tr	I	It was like wrapping up in a cloud , and I tried it on in the store .
tr	I	He pointed out the target , but metaphorically speaking , he may not have fired the gun .
tr	I	She was way ahead of me and somehow she was able to just sail right across it .
tr	I	Tonight his fears about becoming a werewolf followed him to sleep , but Chapter Twenty-One Derek had not dreamed since he was thirteen .
tr	I	She glanced at him , and Quinlan opened the door .
tr	I	Neither of us won , and we played three games .
te	I	She understood she was facing a crucial moment , but her flight instinct was screaming at her again .
tr	I	Selene deserves to die , and Because Porsche was my friend too .
tr	I	Jenny thought it came from ahead , but it seemed to reflect from everywhere at once .
tr	I	She jabs it into Alba 's ribs , and a spoon is gripped in her hand .
va	I	I nodded , and said James .
tr	I	He gives only particular friends that number , much to his mother 's irritation , but he has his own phone , of course .
tr	I	A woman who was his equal in all the ways Ali had been Peter 's , but it wasn 't Ali he wanted .
tr	I	That would be hours from now , and it sharpened as night came on .
te	I	She 's holding two sodas , and her hands are resting gently at her sides .
tr	I	She found herself telling Paul about her husband , and she continued to reminisce .
tr	I	We stoop under the curtain of cotton branches , and she glances around anxiously , links arms with me .
tr	I	The glitter on the table sparkles , and the moon shines on the puzzle .
tr	I	When he came back to himself it was like my mother 's spell was completely broken and he made a last minute miraculous recovery .
tr	I	It was dead , as cold as ash , or love was either there , hot as fire .
tr	I	Then we continue walking deeper into the darkness , and he nods , understanding .
tr	I	Antagonizing him right now wasn 't wise , and he was wandering somewhere inside his head .
tr	I	That was what mattered , and he was trying though .
tr	I	Although it took some time , they were doable , and the requests that Isaiah passed along were all well-chosen .
tr	I	She was still holding back , but she 'd agreed to tonight , exposed a lot of herself .
tr	I	He could tell she was enjoying herself , and then he started to move slowly .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes , and pressed Ms. Psychotic relentlessly .
tr	I	I still hoped that someone was nearby to hear it , yet it was embarrassing in a way .
tr	I	It doesn 't always last and Magic can be silly sometimes .
tr	I	He doesn 't want them to be exhausted when the fighting starts , and he doesn 't want to waste the lives of his troops .
tr	I	You didn 't do this , but it might be your work .
tr	I	Lawrence couldn 't see him , but Albert smirked .
tr	I	There was too much to do but she wanted to ask more questions .
va	I	He knew better than to waste his breath , but Joseph wanted to tell her to come in .
tr	I	It was to flee to safety and I had one purpose .
tr	I	He gazed down at her , and his head lifted .
tr	I	The image was much clearer , and the baby appeared on the screen .
tr	I	Emerson sent a patrol car to pick him up and Gary agreed to close the store for the day .
tr	I	My muscles tensed , ready to run if she tried again , and every inch of me felt as if I were on fire .
tr	I	Very soon both were covered in wet soil , and their struggling was fierce .
tr	I	The blow never came , but I raised my unhurt arm in weak defense as I waited for my unseen attacker to deal their next blow .
tr	I	They twinkled brightly over our heads and the stars were out .
tr	I	At this point I couldn 't think of any other way onboard , but it was an odd shot .
tr	I	The offer to show us some of the country sounds good to me , and he 's certainly being friendly enough , considering we hardly know him .
tr	I	His eyes opened and a shudder rolled through Roth 's body .
tr	I	She needed all her concentration , and it was a tricky place to surf because of the turbulence the river caused .
tr	I	He grabbed my arm , but I started to stand .
tr	I	Another fireball blasted through it and he turned towards the window .
tr	I	Attacking anything that moved and bounding out of the broken stone fortress .
va	I	She wasn 't there , but he tried one last time to reach her mind , to salvage his trust in her .
tr	I	His expression was unreadable , but I glanced toward Liam .
tr	I	I fought for a breath and my chest tightened .
tr	I	Now I knew how undeserving I was , but I 'd already figured this out .
tr	I	I need Gabe to be here anyway , but I know this is true .
va	I	Instead of snarling , she ran her typical circles , but my wolf jumped to attention immediately .
tr	I	Robert strode to the vending machines , and Evie nodded her agreement .
tr	I	It worked for my happiness that I liked to keep us in , but I don 't know why I always kept Colt on some pedestal .
tr	I	There aren 't even many of those now but the locals used it for an occasional meeting .
tr	I	Jacob saw the massive sun that loomed before him , so close he could touch it and the movement spun the pair around slightly .
tr	I	My potential is unlimited and the sky is blue .
tr	I	It just wasn 't her work style and he had a need for her to excessively praise him .
tr	I	The small gold hoop that glinted in his earlobe distracted me , but I glanced at Paul , about to cross my arms again .
tr	I	When she didn 't he chuckled , and Jake waited for her to answer .
te	I	Alcide inquired after Jason , and I inquired after his dad while the server was puttering around .
tr	I	Mom was in there supervising , and Clean up was kind of a pain , since there was grease everywhere .
va	I	He grips them lightly and I slide my fingers over his palm .
tr	I	I won 't wake up and sometimes I 'm afraid something will go wrong .
tr	I	His jaw is hanging open and his eyes are too big .
tr	I	She was going to get her chance to learn , but Shana hadn 't had much experience as an aunt .
te	I	He smiled inwardly , and he noticed she chose to ignore the dig about Cain .
tr	I	Then the nightmare would begin again , and the longer I spoke to anyone , the greater the chance that They would notice .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , but I wanted to say yes .
tr	I	They turned into real birds and Jesus looked at the birds .
tr	I	It felt like the air in the room had disappeared and the clock chirped at midnight .
tr	I	He jumped at the sound of her voice , and she blurted out .
tr	I	The two brothers headed off to offer what comfort they could to the grieving couple , and the men shook hands .
tr	I	Its colors fell upon the back of his white uniform , dyeing it a brilliant maroon , and he was backlit by the study 's window .
tr	I	She took a steadying breath and butterflies stirred in her gut .
tr	I	Neil had managed it without one conversation ... and it was exactly the kind of ring she would have chosen .
tr	I	The skies had been heavily patrolled by the enemy , and Amara had been too weary for full flight .
tr	I	She a lowly mortal , a minor piece on the chessboard of his life and he was like a Greek god .
tr	I	The tunnel went completely dark , and I did as he had ordered .
tr	I	He stayed out of sight at all times , but Elle had a bodyguard too .
tr	I	She returned holding a stack of Polaroid photos , but Julia assumed it was to check on Mr. Landry again .
tr	I	His stress fade , and arriving on the island , he felt his muscles relax .
va	I	He backed through the door into the lobby , and his fingers found only empty space .
va	I	She swayed on her feet and a yawn caught her unawares .
tr	I	Neither were they locked , so opening them was no trouble , but there was no doorknob on the door , on any doors .
tr	I	He suddenly felt a draft , but Charlie didn 't hear anything .
tr	I	The ground was covered in it and the snow was still coming down .
tr	I	Without further pomp , we were again on the move , and the wheels of the vehicle bounced forward .
tr	I	I ignore it , but the traitorous bastard springs to life .
tr	I	She had to open them again , and the movements of the car without the benefit of sight began to make her feel nauseated .
va	I	She latches onto me , but I go to pass Adria back to him .
tr	I	She evidently entered the coffeehouse in the predawn hours and Sara 's car was in the back parking lot .
tr	I	Instead he winds around the fire pit between us , heading toward me , but at first I think he 's going to eat it .
te	I	He trailed his fingertips down my arm , and this brought a smile to Dorian 's lips .
tr	I	She would meet him at home and she told him to go ahead .
te	I	He gave me a little salute and as I watched , our eyes met .
tr	I	She was and Savannah seemed super sad .
tr	I	Mia laughed and she stuck out her tongue .
tr	I	Even though I knew I would return , something about it felt final , and it was my last night in Eden Manor for six months .
tr	I	I always knew he was mine , but I wasn 't supposed to pay attention to him after I did my part .
te	I	There was no answer , but I had tried to call her hotel suite a few times .
te	I	The chip couches the question in terms that make sense to me , but they don 't tell time like we do .
va	I	Genuinely seemed to mean it , and when they drove up in front of the market , Maggie told her to have a good day .
tr	I	It was almost finished , but she knew she couldn 't do that yet , still had the departure of the more important guests to get through .
tr	I	Tully closed her eyes , and he bent lower .
tr	I	Conrad muttered something under his breath , and at this the brothers laughed again .
tr	I	My eyes fell closed and the satisfaction in her voice made me throb in her hand .
tr	I	He will help and he is sincere .
va	I	I looked up and the van took a sharp turn .
tr	I	He was astonished that he hadn 't recognized it earlier , and because he did love her .
tr	I	I can 't do that if I 'm gone , and I want to watch it .
tr	I	We knew they would not touch us with their weapons and when we closed our eyes our minds touched .
tr	I	At the time , she 'd had no idea how many clothes she would need , but she 'd really wanted to pay for her own clothes .
tr	I	She couldn 't make her feet move , but he moved aside to let her in .
tr	I	The third was poured for Michael , and the second was poured for Amber .
tr	I	She accepted the offer , but Cassidy saw that the young woman was miserable .
tr	I	If she was strong enough to stand with Ken , then she was welcome , but Mari was an unknown to Jesse having recently married Ken .
va	I	She 'd lean one way and something would happen .
tr	I	Again he felt the tug of her gaze trying to wrap warmly around him , and her eyes flickered to him .
tr	I	Adrian 's blew mine away , but Jill had claimed I had an expensive wardrobe .
va	I	His feet became unsteady and he started to feel the heat from above .
tr	I	She couldn 't fill her lungs and the air dried up too quickly .
tr	I	Now she may have cost him his life , and she had been too selfish to set him free .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and he laid his head against my stomach .
tr	I	I step in front of her , but she braces herself on the counter as if she 's about to slide off .
tr	I	It hardly hit solid but Jimmy hit him again .
tr	I	Up there people were more dressed up , but things were usually very casual in New Orleans .
tr	I	Fur ran from her head down her back , which was bared by the sarong , and Deni realized her fingers had already changed to wolf claws .
tr	I	She gives me a hug and I nod .
tr	I	I lifted mine up and her face leaned closer to mine .
tr	I	That disappointed me , and Thirteen I slept through the helicopter ride .
tr	I	Alvin never did either , and I don 't think my CO ever forgave me .
tr	I	She let it take her and she felt another orgasm gathering .
tr	I	His hand was starting to lift my shirt , and his lips had moved down to my collarbone .
tr	I	I knew he was standing close behind me , and a tingle of awareness slid down my spine .
tr	I	He just laughed once more , but I raised my eyebrows , displeased that everyone knew my name .
tr	I	The pair were walking off together , discussing the game and he 'd swapped his jersey with his opposite number .
tr	I	It startled Mary , but it was a quiet uneventful dream really .
tr	I	I think maybe this will do it , and Got ta die from something .
te	I	His eyes are trained on Miller , but he 's trying to look casual .
tr	I	I smiled and Curiosity pulled at me .
tr	I	They began to move to the music , and he slid his hands around her waist .
tr	I	The sound of drums mixed with the shouts of joy and they began to dance .
tr	I	He couldn 't get enough traction on either highway to regain control but their singular wheel slowed their speed with each bite of warped asphalt .
te	I	Her expression had already given it away , but she flushed , wanting to deny it .
tr	I	She whirled to face Morgan who was still sneering at her and her eyes widened with alarm .
tr	I	The rational self knew she wasn 't here , but part of me wanted to look for Silk .
tr	I	They were eye to eye , of the same height , and he sat down directly opposite as Reuben knew he would .
te	I	There was enough without that ; but it would be unfair to take seriously the things the man had said immediately before his seizure , no doubt .
tr	I	That was only because his lantern gave off a low red light , and in fact she could no longer see much at all except for Nicko .
tr	I	I drop with a lurch and my parachute cords cut .
tr	I	It was all Graeme could do not to carry her away from everyone , and her lips trembled , betraying her upset .
tr	I	I decided I should do something , and both of them were in the Pacific .
tr	I	They had just shared tea in the library and it was late afternoon .
tr	I	The tinted windows make it difficult to see inside , but I glance to where the van is parked .
tr	I	That would at least give me an idea of which way to face if things got dicey , and I should be able to glimpse any motion .
tr	I	I don 't want to and now I have to explain .
tr	I	He was long gone but she licked her lips , pretending she could still taste Johnnie .
tr	I	The low , sexy sound sent a shiver through me and he chuckled .
tr	I	Only someone who knew him well would have noticed the pain at the edge of his smile , and he shrugged .
tr	I	His eyes widen with panic , and Logan glances up at Skyla .
va	I	I didn 't know it , but there was probably a great story .
te	I	She was smiling , but she blotted more tears .
va	I	Her bare foot sank into the wet carpet , and she took a tentative step forward .
tr	I	Brazen knew the mayor had arrived , and a large white passenger van pulled up outside the bar .
tr	I	This really astounded her but she knew that the subconscious could sometimes perform incredible feats that wizards normally failed to achieve no matter how much they practiced .
tr	I	She was always the same : the steady older sister who looked out for me , and I had so many memories of her .
te	I	She almost swooned and he smiled again .
tr	I	His legs felt like lead weights and his eyes were heavy .
tr	I	It is there , but it is faint .
tr	I	Still I am here , and 17 Ira Evening again .
va	I	I 've already seen what lies in that direction , and you 've got more to see .
va	I	Even inside , I could hear him clearly , and Beck cupped his hands around his mouth .
tr	I	Through those stars I noticed Vincent 's eyes burned with an unnatural light , but I saw stars .
tr	I	My breathing still isn 't normal , and my heartbeat 's flooding my ears .
tr	I	He was getting that without any fuss , and he 'd only bought her for sex .
tr	I	His temper was short and his word was law .
tr	I	Females found shirtless guys appealing and except that she was female .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure who he was , but I knew that I recognized his voice .
tr	I	I tried him again , hating myself for it and five minutes went by .
tr	I	If you have access to a computer , we could do some sort of video call , or we can handle this on a conference call .
tr	I	I hope that you 'll understand me as your life will undergo changes , and forgive me .
tr	I	He knew then the mercy of death came to his son and he heard the high-pitched balloon shriek escape his son 's lungs .
tr	I	I suddenly felt ravenous , but maybe it was the baby talking .
tr	I	She placed a smile on her face and Charlotte 's pride rose to the surface .
tr	I	Liam had no intention of contacting him and his alleged father was a class-A bastard .
tr	I	We weren 't staying around to find out what , but something must have been happening outside the castle walls .
va	I	I don 't know about leaving her alone , but she says she 'll be fine .
tr	I	Before we sat , Cherry spoke up but we all gathered around the presentation .
tr	I	Reuben was reserving judgment on that , but his vibrant eyes indicated a warm response to Reuben personally .
tr	I	They still had a little under a year to go before they could start trying themselves and Miranda had checked with her doctor .
tr	I	I had no idea how I was going to get there , but I knew the goal .
tr	I	She ignored him , but Finn glared at her .
tr	I	Somehow he managed to leap over it as it swept under him , but Doctor Red thought he was done for .
tr	I	Speaking once in a while constituted a big part of that and there were other things one might want in a love interest .
tr	I	My heart was beating a thousand times too fast and my smile turned upside down .
tr	I	She couldn 't conjure one at will , but a sink hole might have been better .
tr	I	She didn 't want to tell her now and Amy knew she hadn 't told Charlie .
tr	I	He wanted to run , but Deckard held his position .
tr	I	She took it surprisingly well , and I explained it to her .
va	I	I knew it was a bad time to take a set break and the crowd loved our performance .
te	I	It wasn 't that way now , but until recently , her job had been all-consuming .
tr	I	It matches how he wants me , and my body knows how I want him .
tr	I	The rift begun then remains , and they resented our getting married .
te	I	She can be a snotty little twit when she remembers to work at it , but the girl 's all right .
tr	I	My head isn 't spinning around and I 'm not levitating off my bed .
tr	I	I 'm getting tired of traveling , but I like it .
tr	I	His wife was killed some time ago just after they bought that beautiful place in Eaton Bishop but George has done very well for himself .
tr	I	I traded turned into involuntary smiles and the glance Jared .
tr	I	Mia remembered a lot of the patient classifications and they had a major malfunction with the records .
tr	I	A brief silence settled over the group , and all nodded in unison .
tr	I	It would only make them laugh more but I wanted to knock their heads together .
te	I	She bent her head and Nell 's vision blurred .
tr	I	The water on the lady 's bucket was almost full , and this did not help ease his worry !
va	I	You can achieve great things and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	I	His treaty with me held him to me , yet he wanted no part of the coming battles .
tr	I	I knew it was too late , but I quickly tried to wipe at the moisture seeping from my eyes .
tr	I	He did just take out the sniper for us but I wasn 't sure if we could trust him .
tr	I	A dresser lay smashed all over the small room and books lay torn .
tr	I	The confusing thoughts vanished as if they 'd never existed and her head reeled again .
tr	I	Instead of dropping a lifeboat to row to shore , Anna made Hiro swim while following close behind him and the barge pulled into the harbor .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to waste it , and they had a long night ahead of them .
tr	I	We resumed out relationship , and Brad forgave me , though .
tr	I	He claimed he disliked being parted from her and she 'd been gone less than an hour .
te	I	I squinted to see my com lying on the ground , and Officer Mayer 's voice was distant this time .
tr	I	Without gunpowder , they were useless , but the guns were good .
tr	I	She was smarter than she 'd realized and that was actually a blessing .
va	I	He never ever got hung up on just one but he loved everything about them .
tr	I	He looked Dominic in the eye , and seconds later he was pulled up .
tr	I	Now he meant to have an interesting night and he had had a long , restful day .
tr	I	They 'd both reaped the consequences , and he 'd acted recklessly that night in the hot tub .
tr	I	She sighed deeply and her posture drooped though .
tr	I	If his gaze grew any hotter , I 'd burn beneath it , and his expression was nothing short of ferocious .
tr	I	It seemed to him he might have succeeded somewhat and he thrashed wildly in an attempt to move toward the pin-point of light as he fell .
tr	I	The straps holding it in place did their job , but it bounced slightly with each step the mule took .
te	I	Lifting her shoe from the leash , she reached down for the pigeon , and Melina said .
tr	I	My mother smiled politely , and I carefully set her down .
tr	I	For some reason he couldn 't take his eyes away , but he knew he was staring at her .
tr	I	His eyes narrow , and Ryland 's head goes up like a bloodhound 's scenting game .
tr	I	Her body followed , and the girl 's head fell to the ground .
tr	I	I thought he was going to push me away again , and his hands seized my face .
tr	I	I was expecting it , but he faked to his right .
te	I	They began to surge forward , and the instructor turned the aircraft onto the runway , gunned the engine .
tr	I	All of our resources were dwindling into nothing , and Time passed under this regime .
tr	I	That might have been bad in itself , but the block only saved Payton from been launched away .
te	I	He was ready for it this time , but his right knee buckled under his weight once again .
tr	I	Grandma reads him messages from hers , but my grandpa doesn 't have an email account .
tr	I	His was grey and the only difference was that hers was flesh colored .
te	I	Then he sighed a deep sigh , and Andrew was silent for a moment .
te	I	I didn 't feel like eating anything , but the cafeteria was open this early .
tr	I	Four less than the most he could fire here , and he fired the most he could fire in Kuwait City .
va	I	I 'm devastated , and my daughter died .
te	I	Some folks call me Walker , like Walker , Texas Ranger , because I used to be an army ranger , or you can call me Liam .
tr	I	It tasted so good I hadn 't slowed down , but I hadn 't meant to drink it so fast .
va	I	He just shrugged and I looked at Blake .
tr	I	Dumb as a post , and evil to the core .
va	I	Our soldiers weren 't letting them , but some of them tried to surrender .
tr	I	They 'd been tight , but Maxine , Hoyt 's mom , had been a couple of decades younger than Gran .
tr	I	Alex envied them that , and they were building a life together .
te	I	We got through it , but it hurt both of us .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted sweet right now , but it was really sweet , everything he was saying .
tr	I	Sensing it , he rose up without a word but I opened my mouth to beg , to plead .
tr	I	She would probably tell me so , and it was none of my business .
tr	I	He knew it had been real , but the reality of the previous night 's news came back slowly , almost like recalling a dream .
tr	I	Then we could see them , and my father lit the lamp .
tr	I	She seemed to have disappeared , but I wondered if she would help me get out .
tr	I	When he dropped his sword Max leaped for it , and one of them caught flames at the edge of his trousers .
tr	I	Oh , her cheeks were hot now , but she asked .
tr	I	Rafe observed her hands clench in to fists , and Sparks of anger flew from Adele 's eyes .
tr	I	His head was spinning and his chest was tight .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't this feeling of uncertainty , but I didn 't know what love was yet .
va	I	She pushed the issue aside and the call went to voice mail again .
tr	I	For the longest time I didn 't know why , but I know you do it on purpose .
va	I	I had come clean with my therapist and it was the day after my birthday .
te	I	I struggled free from him as he kissed me on the lips and he pulled me towards him .
tr	I	He must have found it in her bag , but she 'd forgotten that she even had it .
tr	I	When she turned back to me she was thoughtful and she peered in the office as if she would find him there .
va	I	He 's using the same moron to come after me and he had my father killed .
tr	I	I broke the kiss , looking down , and I remembered what else happened that night .
tr	I	The glass shattered and he smiled .
tr	I	That was all , but they were excited .
tr	I	A speckle of mass hurtling through darkness but out in deep space he was no one , nothing .
te	I	I might borrow your idea for my grandkids , but I wish I would have thought to do that when my kids were little .
va	I	Butch went there every chance he got , but I stopped by once in a while .
tr	I	Her dimple didn 't appear , but a ghost of a smile curved her pale lips .
tr	I	You 've already moved on , and I know I have screwed things up between us too many times .
tr	I	A certain magic is gone out of the world , a wet magic , but then the color is still there .
tr	I	It was hard to see anything clearly through the deluge of her sorrow , but she recognized him vaguely as he came closer .
tr	I	I welcomed sleep and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	When she came close enough , he tugged her into his lap , and Hugh chuckled .
tr	I	Then he furrowed his brow like he thought I was stupid , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	I was not but Momma seemed in OK spirits .
tr	I	Julia raised her head up , letting the light rain cool her face and a light mist fell .
va	I	She didn 't understand his logic , but she didn 't mean to look as if he was speaking another language .
tr	I	At the same time , Ainsley knew Cameron was keeping a rock-hard rein on his patience , but his voice held frustration .
tr	I	They spilled back inside and the door clicked open .
tr	I	We have only just returned from the midwinter ball , and late in the day on February 21 The sun has risen .
tr	I	Everyone else followed her back to the classroom and she stood up first .
tr	I	He cautioned himself not to be too sure of that , but he hoped the translation achieved some degree of accuracy .
tr	I	He could tell she was nervous , but she snapped .
va	I	We had no time to clean up , and my prints were all over the house by this point .
tr	I	Her heart sped up and their gazes caught .
va	I	Had almost cast her out of the house when she 'd finally told him she was pregnant and her dad was old school .
tr	I	It has no historical precedence , but a modern shower in a tract house in the suburbs may seem like an odd venue to experience bliss .
tr	I	You can 't do anything to me and you can 't do anything to him .
tr	I	It still didn 't let go , but it hissed in pain , pulling away from him .
tr	I	My face fell and Tiny fangs were visible .
va	I	She whimpered as if in pain , and the pup 's eyes grew white .
va	I	Junior returned his attention to Tucker , and the shifter reared back .
tr	I	She smiles a lot more when you 're around , and I don 't want to see mama cry anymore .
tr	I	He 'll let you in the room , and the desk clerk is a guy named Andy .
tr	I	I handed her some orange juice we 'd had ready , and she was sweating heavily .
tr	I	He 'd heard that she was on track to becoming one of the highest paid defense lawyers in the area , and Sophie was smart , driven .
te	I	She wouldn 't dare say that , but actually , Kylie had doubts about Miranda 's protecting abilities .
tr	I	Both of my sires crowded around me , and I yelped as my chair slid to the wall .
tr	I	I found myself grinning , and her approval warmed me .
tr	I	A fair vision had visited him in this land of disease , and the dark shadow had passed .
tr	I	I 'd certainly gotten it , and I 'd asked for change .
tr	I	I floored my jeep , and the light turned green .
tr	I	I began to shake and something surged through me .
tr	I	He coughed uncomfortably , hoping Caroline would change the subject and judging by Lady Hutchinson 's expression , his light-hearted remarks were not appreciated .
tr	I	His cheeks flared red from the cold , and he wasn 't wearing his coat .
tr	I	We reported to him on all our cases , and he was the one who backed Gerald 's paranormal investigation business .
tr	I	He nodded , and Mantra 's gaze slowly moved across the three of them .
tr	I	I 'm waiting for a break and all of the evidence is catalogued .
te	I	Some were blasted off by my energy bullets and a few of the skeletons were knocked out .
tr	I	Then I came up with a solution , and I fumed about it for a while .
tr	I	She wasn 't considering them into the equation and of course nuclear weapons would cause major damage .
tr	I	June 's howls got louder and heavy thuds landed on it .
tr	I	Rena didn 't let them stop her from saying what she 'd come to say , but his words stung .
tr	I	He kept it to himself but he had something to ask .
tr	I	The passage is too narrow for him not to bump into you , but I can hide us from his sight .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but her math was off .
tr	I	She 'd rather be spending her time painting than lurking on the net , and Internet was spotty at best here .
tr	I	Scarlett decided a visit to the ladies ' room might be prudent , and they still had a long trip ahead of them .
va	I	I 'm still clutching the crystal ball my father gave me , but I would think that what had just happened was a dream .
tr	I	I knew nothing of that drive , but humans often shared sexual contact for recreational purposes .
te	I	I stuck my head out of the dressing room and the door to the exam room opened back up .
tr	I	I feel like my whole life has crashed down around my shoulders , and I haven 't gotten much sleep lately .
va	I	He moved one hand to slide his fingers lightly over Ty 's lips , and the corner of Zane 's mouth curled up into a half-smile .
te	I	All of their shows sell out and the band is really popular .
tr	I	They were able to rest for a short time , gather their strength before moving on and sometimes Fernando found work .
tr	I	He squinted wishing he had his shades handy and the light was bright .
tr	I	My eyes shook and I looked up .
te	I	He placed the knife beneath her chin and she looked up .
va	I	Jenn 's was slammed , but she wished that she could have had the day off .
te	I	I was glad I had friends in the House to commiserate with , and Lindsey was a great girl .
tr	I	The trees were flowering and shoots were starting to push up from the black earth .
tr	I	No sound came out , but she mouthed the last word .
tr	I	He 's part of the most advanced naval fleet in the world and he 's damn good at what he does .
va	I	The moon was full and it was a warm night .
tr	I	The men remembered there was some shooting to do and presently the hoopla died down .
tr	I	It was going to be , but indeed , something wasn 't right .
te	I	This time he stayed upright , and I pushed him back again .
tr	I	She scrambled to her feet , then he threw her over the top of the piano but he threw her on to the sofa .
tr	I	Anyone can do it anywhere , and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	I	We haven 't gotten very far yet , but we 've been trying to come up with an answer .
tr	I	A wind began to whip around us and Rhea raised her hand into the air .
tr	I	All three headed to the exit , and he took the key from Eric 's hand then got the lantern off the sculpture .
te	I	Right now , it was the safest thing , but going home was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	I	He had no time for them , but Friendly dogs barking at his arrival told him that his uncle had returned from his camp .
tr	I	The crowds out on the walkways had stifled the sound , but I sucked in a breath , thinking Scott had heard .
tr	I	Joe can be a pretty smooth talker when he wants to be , but the man naturally seemed apprehensive at first .
te	I	Isaac might well kill him , and he was going to get hell from his brother .
tr	I	It should be there soon and I ordered pizza for delivery .
tr	I	You can call me back and if you 'd like , I can give you my extension .
tr	I	With only one I just couldn 't do it , but if I 'd had both arms , I could have pulled it free .
tr	I	With a second thought she pulled it back , but Aisling 's hand hovered above the mushroom .
tr	I	There were goose feathers from one end of the room to the other and Luis had ripped pillows open .
tr	I	The wind picked up a little now and the warmth of the sun felt great .
tr	I	It slips past my lips as a whisper and one thought keeps repeating in my mind .
tr	I	Even from three feet away I could feel the heat they gave off , and they were glowing red .
tr	I	Then hers , before she could protest , and he slung his pack over his shoulder .
tr	I	The golden flames suddenly wrapped around Baal , and Alyosha roared again .
tr	I	Greg was not of a mind to tell them , and they didn 't know how close the enemy were .
tr	I	The man ran into the woods , and it had the desired reaction , though .
te	I	I just didn 't understand how someone could do that and it was so selfish .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to affect him , but the cave was a hundred times lighter than it had been .
va	I	He bought the one after that , and I bought the next drink .
tr	I	I sat up again after a moment , and that train of thought led to another .
tr	I	Mine begin mimicking his and his eyes start to tear up .
tr	I	He could only give her so much comfort as the horse that she was riding on , and her only companion , her only friend was Deja .
tr	I	She could never be again , and she wasn 't her old self .
tr	I	This is not part of the plan , and I 've finally got my life together .
tr	I	A big cloud of despair can be lifted from him , and my dad can still be proud of what he made .
tr	I	We do have a link in the pen but I 'm not chained to my best friend .
tr	I	He stumbled , and a few pieces of pungent refuse hit Kurt .
tr	I	He found himself swept inside , hating himself , but Fat Charlie wanted to protest , to stand his ground .
tr	I	The audience cheered and he dipped me down , continuing the kiss .
tr	I	She 'd worried about each one of them for days afterward , and she 'd had too many cancellations to count .
va	I	Her nostrils pinched , and she looked at the pale , sleeping girl on the bed .
tr	I	When she gasped another sharp inhale of breath it was worth it and I suffered through her theatrics .
tr	I	It felt like much longer , yet seconds had passed .
tr	I	He missed not being able to talk to Jen daily but George put it down to some sort of electrical interference .
tr	I	Then decided it didn 't matter , but she opened her mouth to ask .
va	I	Julia 's cheeks , already pink with emotion , flamed and he turned to give her a sexy smile .
va	I	Something caught my attention , but I frowned at him .
tr	I	His tongue felt unnatural , swollen , but he struggled to say something .
tr	I	Beast stops me , but I start to tell the groom to saddle fresh horses .
tr	I	She too returned to the Parker 's house , and Renny 's work was done at the household .
tr	I	How proud he was of her as a successful accountant in Chicago and Henry told her about Claire .
tr	I	The way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak , but Phoebe tried to understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane .
tr	I	She 's not pushy with it , but she 's absolutely oozing sex appeal !
tr	I	A long car trip required comfort , but I usually wore this outfit to workout in .
tr	I	We could 've been together and all these fucking years apart .
tr	I	They had not told him what it was , but he thought this had a significance , too .
tr	I	I preferred to answer them somewhere much more private than the middle of the freshman dorms , but there would inevitably be questions .
te	I	I can 't answer her , but I 'm gasping for air .
tr	I	Me seem to disappear in his arms and all the things my mom said about him .
tr	I	The road to recovery will not be an easy one and I am afraid it will take some time for you to adjust .
tr	I	She forbade it with a soft sudden gesture , but I wanted to hold her again .
tr	I	Somehow , beyond all comprehension , it was about to become the focal point of a revolution , and it was his beloved home .
va	I	Then both shut our doors at the same time , and we stare at each other over the hood .
tr	I	The question didn 't appear , but he continued to study me , curiosity replacing smugness .
tr	I	Suddenly I was being jerked up and he let out a low growl .
va	I	She hadn 't really considered the consequences to his soul , but she knew it was difficult for him to wait to claim her .
va	I	A bitter sensation gripped my stomach , and Cold shivers ran down my spine .
tr	I	The keyboard falls to the floor and I kick the wall between us .
tr	I	Once she finally did , Todd was waking her up , and it took forever to fall asleep .
tr	I	Nick waited eagerly to hear that great news , and Phil nodded .
te	I	I could hear the glass cracking and the metal crumpled around me .
te	I	She was lost , and Julienne turned her head to capture his lips .
tr	I	There it was , but I hated it .
tr	I	Then I don 't really know what he was like before The Program , but it doesn 't strike me as something Realm would be into .
tr	I	You 'd have been too late and one minute too long .
tr	I	She had plenty of friends and she didn 't want rescuing .
tr	I	I couldn 't manage it , but I tried to keep my voice calm .
va	I	The rest decided to trade the loyalties determining their own fate and Lilith had taken out the majority .
va	I	Money is money , but I had come dangerously close to moving my hand up .
tr	I	Everybody thought then that each new storm would surely be the last , and they were still new , abnormal .
tr	I	Ron 's eyes lit in fear , and I shouted .
tr	I	Jackie stepped forward for a closer look and I lifted it out of the sand .
tr	I	It felt good washing around my toes and it was warm .
tr	I	It was where Tasha lived , and the second floor was also of the same size .
tr	I	After a while , they stopped calling , and she didn 't call her friends back .
va	I	Victoria remains as stiff as an ice statue , but the man is about to take her hand .
te	I	I feel a chill and all eyes turn to me .
te	I	He hadn 't known she was unhappy , and he had dated her for three years .
va	I	He was entertaining enough as a business partner and oh sure , his money was good enough .
tr	I	There wasn 't a thing he could do about it , and he was going through the motions of his life .
te	I	The window is frosted and the fire has died .
te	I	No sound came out but I tried to ask a question .
tr	I	They 'd had Jill much , much longer , and Sonya had been in bad shape when she 'd been rescued from the Warriors .
tr	I	You 'll kill him or you need to stop .
tr	I	Three of its comrades were already racing toward them , but it yelped , slowing .
tr	I	I could ask him for advice and I was told he was knowledgeable .
tr	I	I had been obsessed by a lie and it was my mother 's all along .
tr	I	When my eyes came into focus , I was very aware of the sizzling blue that ringed his irises , but I blinked to clear my vision .
va	I	He pinched his fingers together and Mackenzie narrowed her eyes at him .
tr	I	Nathan turns to her , and Norah frowns her disapproval .
tr	I	I was so glad I 'd showed up at his door four months ago but it was hard to comprehend at times .
tr	I	He needed to keep her talking until she was homeless and it would have to be a very late night .
tr	I	The Cardinal was on the other side with his back to her , and her dad stood behind the desk where she could see his face .
tr	I	Jase had met him at a party in Palm Beach a year earlier , and his name was Sherman Liss .
tr	I	Pain sliced through her head so that she cried out , and she fought the order .
tr	I	I 've still got bitch written all over me but the drugs are gone .
va	I	I couldn 't shake the feeling that there was something more to it , but I knew it was stupid .
tr	I	It might also be bad , but that might be good .
tr	I	I don 't succeed , but I try to sound as calm as he does .
tr	I	It wasn 't painful at all and an electrifying force surged through me .
tr	I	You 'd be next in line , and since apparently running Morganville is a family business .
tr	I	He 'd save that for later , but all three nosed at his hand in the hope of treats .
tr	I	Madison wouldn 't have needed to crack another safe and they wouldn 't have had to befriended another reprobate .
va	I	I meant it , and I already apologized .
tr	I	It made him angry , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	An evil smile twisted his mouth , and Anton 's eyes narrowed .
te	I	He will be able to take me home , and his car will be in the parking lot .
tr	I	Everybody knows it and Olivia is the Resistance Headquarters ' slut .
tr	I	She leapt to her feet , and then she recognized whose body it was .
tr	I	Sure enough , an unopened milk carton rested at the back of the top shelf and Susannah moved a number of plastic containers onto the counter .
tr	I	They had and he 'd waited for them to resurface .
tr	I	He 'd already wasted precious time plucking up the courage , and they were finally alone .
tr	I	He saw she was thinking about something and some streets further she finally looked back .
tr	I	Elena thought she had better speed things up , and Meredith 's hands were bal ing into fists .
va	I	When I got back to my room , Anita was gone , but I gathered my things quietly , because Anita was still sleeping .
tr	I	A terrible sadness came over him and he stared down at his pint .
tr	I	He would do nothing to slow his arrival , but just what that meant he did not know .
va	I	It had brought him luck and he had worn that hat to many sites .
tr	I	Iona sensed that otherwise , they were evenly matched , but Jace had the impatience of youth , Eric the calm of experience .
tr	I	It was enough -- but all she found was love .
te	I	Stuart had failed to see it , and that was what was needed now .
tr	I	I dare a peek and the sound of a stampede encloses me .
te	I	He remembered them late into the night , plays burned into the wood grain of his mind , engraved with a code and they called out plays .
tr	I	Noel glanced at the monitor next to his bed , and there was a loud ding .
tr	I	A blissful sensation went down her spine , making her body quiver and their tongues touched .
tr	I	I knew what he was asking , but I didn 't even speak Italian .
tr	I	He was thinking about her , but he wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	I ignored him , but Archer stepped closer to me .
tr	I	I finally had some breathing room , and the doors opened .
tr	I	She knew it , and he challenged her .
va	I	One of them had to be Quin 's office and there were only a couple of doors down here .
tr	I	Their faint footfalls were still outside , but he listened for the soldiers below .
tr	I	At least he could move , but he 'd be covered in bruises for days .
tr	I	There was still room in her heart for human feelings , but she 'd committed herself to Lord Loss by that stage .
tr	I	She knew it , and not many had what she had .
va	I	It might also have been his elation , but he 'd almost passed out from the vertigo it caused .
tr	I	He was far from functioning enough to drive and the man driving had been on some medication .
tr	I	We cuddled on the couch to watch TV and after Denny left , Kellan grabbed my hand .
tr	I	His eyelids drooped and he spun it a second time , a third , .
tr	I	I didn 't even discuss it that often with him and Grant was the only one who knew the full story .
tr	I	I 'm determined to make that happen and free to have a good time without any of the other shit .
tr	I	All I could do was hope he didn 't kill me , and the cuts from the previous days beating hadn 't healed yet .
te	I	She would have felt wrong helping her , too , but she 'd felt terrible for hanging up on Spencer .
te	I	I follow him blindly and Dante tugs at my hand .
tr	I	I pull a face because I really do hate melted marshmallows and he licks his fingers .
tr	I	My teeth banged the one against the others and my mouth the air , the jaw went off to empty .
tr	I	Isaac saw no reason not to get started on his own , but he hadn 't arrived yet .
tr	I	For the time being he kept his mouth shut about it but Daniel was less convinced .
tr	I	She declined , but I 'd asked Ula on Wednesday if she wanted to go with us .
tr	I	He stubbornly declared otherwise , but Ashe was ambivalent about it .
va	I	I sighed when his mouth moved from my sex , and Dale grabbed my hips , pulling me up .
te	I	Judith waited , hoping for something more , and the troubled eyes closed , screwed tight .
tr	I	This is her sixth published novel and she published her first novel , Forever Black , in February 2013 .
va	I	It did not even budge a little but I tried to take the crystal ball out of its place .
tr	I	His body was pleasantly warm and he wrapped his arms around me .
va	I	I 'd already started , but suddenly , the idea of making her jealous made my gut churn .
tr	I	For a moment I almost felt bad for her , and Calliope paled .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence and the captain let the trigger loose .
va	I	His nose was in the air and the dog 's hackles were raised .
tr	I	Alix wanted Grandma in the pictures and the photographer would be there soon .
tr	I	The roaring in her ears had eased , but the wind whipped above her .
te	I	Clothes always do that for me and I need to talk about something happy .
tr	I	She saw him shaking , and Garen was breathing hard .
tr	I	The advantages of cooperation made both companies stronger , and that company has also steered its strategic position to similar products .
tr	I	It was still good to complete the list without seeing any of their names , but she hadn 't expected them to be .
tr	I	She held back from accepting the diamond , yet the thought ran through her mind .
va	I	There 's no time to waste , and we 're on deadline now .
tr	I	That is what the prince is interested in , and I happen to know a little about magic .
tr	I	His thumb traced my belly along the top of my underwear , and his fingers fell to the top of my panties .
tr	I	He thought she was dead and it had felt like someone tore a hole right through him when Ridley disappeared .
tr	I	Dak had no idea who was winning , and sometimes the sight of it was gruesome .
tr	I	That 's not the point , but I don 't real y do it that much .
tr	I	I would 've rather plummeted to earth than let him join me , but so maybe not waiting for Hades hadn 't been the best idea .
tr	I	They did not join in the accolades , but the younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now .
tr	I	Then , taking her courage in her hands , knocked on the door , and she held on to it for a few seconds .
tr	I	Then shake my head no and I sniffle .
tr	I	I don 't see one ounce of the vulnerability that I have seen there before and Luca looks at me again .
va	I	What I wanted to know was why , but Grey warned us ?
tr	I	Their global influence will effectively vanish overnight , and their economy will end up at roughly the size of the economy of Norway .
tr	I	John punched in a number , and Nate handed over the phone .
tr	I	Despite this , was doing a good job , but Nathan knew John did not have the technical expertise .
tr	I	By nightfall each man amongst them would be rich , and soon they would distribute the booty .
tr	I	Dragging him in such situation made her guilty but Thayer 's blood surely was the reason she 's still alive .
tr	I	The sound of flapping added to the scene and the wind caught their ends .
va	I	He was mine , and he was magnificent in the light , heartbreakingly handsome .
tr	I	He carried a powerful odor with him and the pig had recently been to the wallow .
tr	I	He hunted her down , but she went to Kansas City , a place where she could start over .
tr	I	It efficiently plowed its way through the harbor waters , but the ferry wasn 't fast .
tr	I	He kept it locked up tight , and he disappeared for hours into his office , the one room she never went into .
tr	I	I understand they are very fierce fighters , and it is a great coup : a vastly different breed .
tr	I	It would shine enough light to let him see where he was going , but the batteries were weak .
tr	I	There are no messages , but I check my phone a dozen times , some nagging feeling of disquiet tapping at my brain .
te	I	Dean started picking up speed and we came closer to it .
tr	I	She had never radiated this fury , but that Cassie may have kept people at arm 's length .
te	I	I never left the hospital once during the whole thing , but all the RN 's were put on 24 hour call .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt a little foolish for donning a pair of expensive white trainers for their jaunt , and Ryan did .
tr	I	He couldn 't stand and Luther 's feet were numb .
tr	I	Financial stability often fostered the mental opposite , and the coastline brought money .
tr	I	We did great and we went on a mission .
tr	I	She tasted his pleasure , and his abs clenched .
tr	I	The sun was his only method of navigation and Everything looked the same in all directions .
tr	I	Though I 've come to terms with it , the abandonment hurt , and my mom ditched me .
tr	I	Once again Bob turned with him , and Rayford 's mind took another turn .
va	I	She wanted no part of that , but I tried to console her with the usual platitudes .
tr	I	For the first time outwardly showed some perplexity , and Lynn saw this .
tr	I	They hustled across the street after Zane helped Liam to his feet and the signal changed .
tr	I	She could barely breathe , and her body was tense .
tr	I	I slumped to the ground , and my head hit one of the metal supports .
tr	I	They were on their way , but they weren 't soaking wet .
va	I	They met at the elevator , and her luck hadn 't improved .
tr	I	He was going to do it down Ty 's throat , and he was going to come .
tr	I	They were also intended to obscure , but those decorations were intended for beauty .
tr	I	I felt it in my gut , but I had to be sure before I said anything .
tr	I	He had never felt so accepted , and Thor had never seen so many knights in one room .
tr	I	I could hear the curiosity burning behind his words , but I knew he didn 't want to force the story out of me .
tr	I	I can 't even look at him , and My Dad gets angry .
tr	I	She tried not to let it show , but Shana was disappointed , too .
tr	I	She seemed close to tears and Amira 's face was red .
tr	I	It seemed as sturdy as when we 'd first come up here , but Ajax took a few steps out onto the bridge , testing it .
tr	I	Her body too responsive , and his skin was too hot .
te	I	I hadn 't enjoyed it even then , and I hadn 't been licked by one of the creatures since I was little .
tr	I	I smile and she shivers .
tr	I	My little field trip was over , and without another word he strode back to the cage .
tr	I	I say you 're too old , too old to realize the ancient ways no longer work , but you say I 'm too young .
tr	I	Ares closed his fist and the second Guard moved toward him .
tr	I	I didn 't know what else to do , but I didn 't .
tr	I	Now somebody wants me to do worse things , to you and I have done bad things .
tr	I	Dry leaves rip off as I land in the park , and I slide down a loose branch like a kid surfer .
tr	I	Jane eyed it as if it contained a snake , and he tossed it between them as he got in .
tr	I	He wasn 't rough , but he wasn 't gentle .
te	I	Bryson nodded , and Michael pointed where Sarah had indicated .
va	I	I 'm not ready to come home as if I am Maddie unchanged , but I 'm hoping to spend time with you .
tr	I	I knew it was serious , and I knew it was real .
tr	I	It was locked , but there was a door at the bottom .
va	I	The bone knights suddenly lunged forward , drawing their swords as they did , and the Lady lifted her hand .
tr	I	She rejoiced at the feeling of their joining , but she had never been filled like this before .
te	I	He drew a long , shuddering breath , and Tiger Man 's gaze went to Amanda .
tr	I	The words were buried but I wanted to speak .
tr	I	They had been a happy family , but his parents were poor tavern keepers .
tr	I	All would be right again and this must be a dream , a walking dream from which she would soon wake .
va	O	We have wings , but we don 't fly for long distances .
va	O	I gasped and his eyes darkened , his cheeks flushing as he notched into the grasping opening to my sex .
tr	O	Sarah 's parents are in Ghana and she has a brother in Maryland .
tr	O	Sir Horace pushed and the bike began to move .
va	O	Ibrahim cleared his throat to get her attention , but whatever she was doing , it seemed she wasn 't going to stop for anything .
tr	O	I shouted , and he groaned .
tr	O	There is a splash behind us , and we both look at the water .
tr	O	I thought she might have been slightly insane , but hitting upon a truth that I hadn 't recognized before .
va	O	Its stifling presence vanished , and he could breathe again .
tr	O	He raised his dark eyebrows at her question , but he didn 't look away from the puppy .
tr	O	The doctor 's house was on a busy residential street , and people were outside .
tr	O	I didn 't know him , not anymore , but I was strangely certain that he still wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	O	I was heading out for the gym on our usual day and Jake always met me there .
va	O	The idea was a slap in the face for so many reasons but we agreed looking to explain the disrespect of such a meeting in person .
tr	O	It was after two a.m. , and the road was completely deserted .
tr	O	I tried to work on other things , but my stomach was starting to growl .
tr	O	My heart is reluctant to tell it , and my ears reluctant to hear it , even from my own lips .
tr	O	They saw , and all hell nearly broke loose .
tr	O	I have my daughter , and from now on it 'll be just the two of us .
tr	O	Lucien was already gone , and the others were sitting along the edges of the walls , polishing their weapons with lethal efficiency .
va	O	The boots had been replaced with ballet flats , and she 'd traded the tight black pants for a lacy , flowing skirt .
tr	O	The dog 's nails clicked against the glass , and it uttered a round of furious barks .
tr	O	I walked into the rec room , and Cynthia cast me a dirty look .
tr	O	He hadn 't remembered seeing that poster before , but something about it seemed strangely familiar .
te	O	She looked sincere , but she was also emotional .
va	O	Vane growled low in his throat , but in the end he admitted the truth .
te	O	Ogg had jumped back in time but Antonia didn 't know this .
tr	O	One of Andre 's arms rested on the back of Tasha 's chair , and he was caressing her upper arm with his free hand .
te	O	Her eyes glittered with tears , and she took a deep breath .
tr	O	Maybe they did not want to be contacted he thought , or far worse maybe they were up to no good .
tr	O	Trevor will be upset , but I 'm sure he would appreciate you backing out before you say your vows .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd turn into a werewolf , or maybe it would be his demise .
tr	O	That was the past , and she wouldn 't let it hurt her .
tr	O	We hadn 't passed near any residences , and I was sure that was on purpose .
tr	O	I see her and I want her .
tr	O	She could not have escaped if she wanted to -- but she did not want to .
tr	O	Then his grin faded , and the worried look returned .
tr	O	He tried to find a more comfortable position , but his spell books were in the way .
tr	O	I refused to be less than a Warlord Prince , and I made them deal with me on my terms .
tr	O	She avoided eye contact with me and I watched the lines around her eyes .
tr	O	She doubted if hearing Holiday say she thought everything was going to be okay would take the edge off the fear , but she had to try .
tr	O	The girl falls to her knees , and before I can let out the breath I 'm holding , a man runs out of the tent .
tr	O	Kenny looked confused for a moment , and then blinked , shaking his head .
te	O	Williams burst through the door , and a handful of other guards joined him , crowding the small space .
tr	O	She had been home for a couple weeks now , and Liz felt like the worst friend in the world .
te	O	The iPod switched to the next track and he flinched at Robert Plant 's sudden wailing cry , mistaking it for the banshee .
tr	O	Her head whips toward me and her expression shows regret , as if she really thinks she might 've hurt my feelings .
tr	O	She grinned at him as her cheeks colored and she bowed her head .
tr	O	He waited as it rose and shadows got shorter .
tr	O	He suddenly hunched his shoulders and the ground around him erupted .
va	O	He wore the gray uniform of an officer , and there were many badges attached to the front of his left shoulder .
tr	O	Cheyenne hadn 't noticed before , but there seemed to be bags under Maggie 's eyes .
tr	O	I grab a fresh one , and this time I pay very close attention .
tr	O	The first group that passed was far too young for him to even try and he struggled back up onto his left foot .
tr	O	She looks at me as if it 's a question , but if it is , it 's one only she can answer .
tr	O	Jill would have to get here , and she couldn 't do it alone .
tr	O	Trent yelled , and a bunch of Omegas swarmed through the crowd .
tr	O	She 'd never experienced an anxiety attack before , but she knew without a doubt she was having one now .
te	O	I did not know , but whatever was going on , her special abilities had ruined any possible resemblance of a normal life .
tr	O	Shelby High is old , and I mean old .
tr	O	Jack would know , and if he didn 't , then Harry would .
tr	O	His frown grew almost angry , but she could swear she spotted a bit of guilt in his eyes , too .
te	O	I knew Buddy Gardner and I was still startled by much that is found here .
tr	O	His lips were trembling , and his eyes were wet .
te	O	It was perfect now and the show was still months away .
tr	O	The cab arrived and they sped home .
tr	O	It was like they were the only two people on court , and everyone else were just bystanders .
te	O	Its so weird that I 've only been with Blake for a few months and I feel like we 've been together for a long time .
te	O	I 've been trying so hard to figure out how to make you choose me , but I can 't .
va	O	This was the power center of the world , and Dana could feel the electricity in the air .
tr	O	I went to go up the stairs and Ian stopped me .
tr	O	someone yelled from the audience , and laughter followed .
tr	O	The nurses are calling it shock , but I know that 's not it .
tr	O	This seemed awfully old-fashioned for a sixteen-year-old boy , but he would not be budged .
tr	O	Yes , my world is shrinking and there is nothing I can do about it .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and he removed his hand .
tr	O	The house was small and if there were a place to hide he would have found it .
tr	O	My keeper was yelling something , but I couldn 't hear him .
va	O	She waved her hand in the air as if it was nothing to worry over and I contemplated snapping it at the fragile joint of her wrist .
tr	O	Hutto stepped aside and we went in .
tr	O	Her face was soft and she smiled at him .
tr	O	Mutt glances over at me to see how far I am , but he needn 't bother .
va	O	I was right , and I could see that she knew it , too .
tr	O	Review your handbook and just prepare .
tr	O	His strength hadn 't recovered though , and he struggled to pull himself up .
tr	O	She pressed as hard as she was capable , but the blood continued to flow between her fingers .
tr	O	Levin showed him on a map and Ben could scarcely believe his luck .
tr	O	I couldn 't get why I was supposed to care , and Bill made a small movement that he instantly stilled .
tr	O	It has now been over 3 months since the accident and I see no relief in sight .
tr	O	I took a breath and it hurt .
va	O	All the action couches were empty and Prudence lay sprawled across the deck , one arm stretched out toward the hatch to quarters .
tr	O	My voice broke , and my cheeks turned hot .
te	O	Communication is one-sided at times , but he can write , obviously .
tr	O	Her desperation to be reunited with me mirrored my own , but there was nothing I could do .
tr	O	As she was reading aloud , she forgot about the entire world , and reality around her was further away than the things she was reading .
tr	O	The sight of her makes something wrench inside me , but I know I look much the same .
tr	O	Maybe all along he 'd suspected , but he hadn 't wanted to know .
tr	O	He 's running his hands down my body running his eyes across my face running laps with his heart and I 'm running marathons with my mind .
te	O	The boom of the shot was startling in the forest , but no birds took flight .
va	O	When she told Jeff this , his face lost all color and he looked as if he 'd been punched in the stomach .
tr	O	It comes loose and she drops it .
tr	O	Her fingers flew over the keys and she soon had what she wanted .
tr	O	Not as good as that banquet I 'd enjoyed last night but it keeps you alive .
tr	O	The sun had set a long time ago but the police car parked out front kept vigil .
va	O	You selected me to lead a team of Day Soldiers and I 've accepted that responsibility .
tr	O	He felt her hands come up to his chest , and for a moment he thought she would push him away .
tr	O	I wish I could use my whole body to show her my love and having the sling between us is frustrating as hell .
tr	O	I cannot hide my surprise but no one is interested enough in me to notice it .
tr	O	She is a very special , talented , smart , beautiful , and most of all she is my baby girl .
tr	O	He would do anything in his power to keep her safe , but even he knew stealing information from the Alchemists was out of his league .
tr	O	My leg was aching and I couldn 't be bothered getting up to refill my cup .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to explain , and Will jumped in .
tr	O	He did though , and I 'm glad He did .
tr	O	He 's breathing hard but he 's suddenly alert .
tr	O	It 's a despair that I don 't think I will survive , but I don 't want it to ever leave me .
te	O	I know that doesn 't sound like much , but we 're talking twenty-four LSD trips here , with a maximum of four in one week .
tr	O	I didn 't want any help with housework , but I did ask her to do a bit of gardening .
va	O	A faint light peeked out under Franz 's door , and she assumed he forgot to shut off his lamp .
tr	O	He tried to pick out the highlights , but it seemed that any story he told would excite the fish .
tr	O	Barnes was shouting over everyone else , shouting for quiet , but no one paid any attention until the lights in the habitat went out .
tr	O	I try to draw Elder 's gaze to me , but his narrowed eyes are focused on the ground .
tr	O	Donovan hit the gas and we ran over them .
te	O	Dusk had blanketed the mountains and the chill had deepened .
tr	O	She turned her face against his shoulder , and Jane tried to figure out how she was going to survive with the werewolf .
tr	O	They held hands for a short while until the horses drifted further apart and her hand slid from his .
tr	O	Her screams echoed in his ears , but she might as well get adjusted to her new reality as soon as possible .
tr	O	Mouths hung open and all breathing appeared to cease .
tr	O	He glanced over at his mother but she sat serenely rocking Athena on her lap .
tr	O	The anger was still there , but it was tempered by the fact that she had come out of it unharmed .
tr	O	People do hunt , and accidents do happen .
te	O	I dropped the cloth suddenly , splashing myself , and foreboding took me faster than the set of the sun .
tr	O	Mary Ann followed Alain as he strode across the floor , but she couldn 't keep up .
va	O	Gia waited , expecting the door to open again , but once sufficient time had past she crossed the driveway .
tr	O	It shot up her nostrils again , and Kate coughed through a clear-headed vibe .
tr	O	I have asked him this more times that I can count , and he refuses to answer me , reminding me of the bargain we made .
tr	O	The waitress returned with their drinks and they both toasted the sushi chef .
tr	O	They don 't like being summoned , and they don 't like taking commands .
tr	O	Annabelle wanted to argue with her , but there was no denying the truth .
tr	O	He tried not to sigh but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	O	I know they fight a lot , but they really love each other .
tr	O	I 've been with his pride since I was nineteen , and I 've never challenged him .
te	O	I felt dizzy , and someone brought me a chair .
te	O	He was so gentle , but she needed him closer .
va	O	He imagined all of the muscle aches , and tension as a fluid filling his body .
tr	O	Before she finished saying the words her lip shook and a fresh wave of tears spilled from her eyes .
va	O	Her eyes were closed , but I knew she wasn 't sleeping .
te	O	He 's completely himself again and that 's precisely what Mia saw .
te	O	I could taste salt in my throat , and my voice wanted to tremble .
tr	O	Chandler suddenly pulled back , and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	There was bread , tough , but I ate it with zeal .
tr	O	Black couldn 't believe that Sophie would ring him at this location , and yet he was surprised to hear the voice of his boss .
tr	O	I itched to ask why she hadn 't immediately told her husband I 'd been Masked , but the words turned to sawdust on my tongue .
te	O	The seats were bucket style , so I could barely see over the dashboard , but he fit behind the wheel just fine .
tr	O	The black sludge was going to swallow me whole and there was nothing I could do to stop it .
tr	O	It shocked me so bad my tongue started to swell and my brothers freaked out .
tr	O	Stay here and I shall hire a carriage to take us home .
tr	O	One narrow hand pushed back the dark curtain that hung in front of her eyes , and he saw that it was a girl .
tr	O	He rubbed his eyes , and for one brief moment , I thought he was crying .
tr	O	Her heart accelerated and her mouth dried .
tr	O	She tried to nod , but even that simple action was beyond her .
te	O	The room was on the second floor and the windows looked straight at the sun .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and her heart stopped .
va	O	He could sense a glance aimed at him , and turning left , he saw Dinah staring at his side .
tr	O	She started to pull her hand away , but he refused to relinquish control back to her .
tr	O	When we were back on the beach I watched as Matthias removed his shoes , and I did the same .
tr	O	I pulled my phone out of my pocket , and sure enough , it showed a new text .
va	O	It was still dark , and the sleepy little town slumbered peacefully beside the lake .
te	O	He 'd also tried on numerous occasions to ask me out , but I never dated anyone in my building .
tr	O	Paris appeared to have a ready response , but they all grew silent when Butch interrupted .
tr	O	Rann will be leading with 300 points , and then his life will be really threatened .
tr	O	A young couple came up behind us and I pulled aside to let them pass .
tr	O	My mother went back to school when I was five and she became a nurse .
tr	O	Someone gave me a big red balloon , and for some reason it was my most favorite present that I had ever gotten from anyone .
tr	O	I asked him to draw a cat the other day and I thought it was an aeroplane .
tr	O	That girl has not been subtle about the fact that she wants him and I wouldn 't put it past her to pull a stunt like this .
tr	O	The outside light hits it just right and his hair looks like it 's glistening .
tr	O	They were laughing at something , and she had put a hand on his arm just like she had the waiter .
tr	O	I thought teleportation would be best , but I supposed that wasn 't an ability anyone in the present company had .
tr	O	We 'll have to call the police , that 's for damned sure , but first I want to find Alice .
tr	O	I let them in and it gains a foothold .
va	O	I had thought many a time of getting a massage here , but I could never seem to justify spending the money on myself .
va	O	If he were well , it would be a simple matter , but he had only one arm .
va	O	Not that I was a great cook myself , but I could at least cut vegetables .
tr	O	He wore danger like a cloak , erotic danger , lethal danger , and there was a hard , granite edge to his expression .
tr	O	She pulled at the restraints , but the figures looming above multiplied .
tr	O	He had not counted on her reaction , and he felt like a heel for not calling her sooner .
tr	O	A light went on , and the door slowly opened .
tr	O	She 's scared out of her mind and she needs a familiar face with her .
te	O	Earth covered the floor , and there were no human footprints in it .
tr	O	It 's getting darker , and I 'll have to leave them soon .
tr	O	I wrenched my arm a little , but it 's fine .
tr	O	Dr. Hoffmann might not have proof of all the things he 's about to say , but I do .
tr	O	A minute goes by , but no one comes out .
va	O	His little brother might be wise in the ways of the wild , but the city at night was unknown to him .
tr	O	His black dragon body shimmered , and then he was gone .
tr	O	Paying him off might solve the problem , but she wasn 't convinced Troy could be trusted .
tr	O	Their sentences seemed to move impossibly fast and I was relieved that not everyone around me was under the constrictions of silence .
tr	O	He smiled , but she saw the disappointment in his eyes .
tr	O	It was Trip 's idea to go back , and even though I knew he was right , I wasn 't willing to be the guinea pig .
tr	O	I was just scanning blueprints of the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel , and some buildings I found peculiar on Google Earth when we arrived .
va	O	He would be her first lover , and no matter how many she had after he was gone , she would remember him .
tr	O	A fall might not kill me , but good God , it would hurt .
va	O	The sofa is missing a cushion , and the curtains are hanging on for dear life .
tr	O	She tried to run , but her feet felt frozen .
tr	O	Cy had made it a point to remain aloof since we met , and now he was walking me to my classes .
tr	O	He did send me an email saying he 'd stil be my friend , but I don 't know how far that goes .
tr	O	She looked , determined to remove the obstacle , but she saw only the bronze of Aden 's skin .
va	O	They came to the doors and Gandalf knocked .
te	O	My fingers dug into his shoulders , and I waited for him to kiss me .
tr	O	Her heart raced , and in that moment she wished he would kiss her .
tr	O	She stood up , and her smile brightened .
tr	O	Bria opened her mouth to protest , but I shook my head at her .
tr	O	That 's my bullshit rationalization and I 'm sticking with it .
tr	O	Roberto 's cabin was not bigger than hers and there would be no room for her things .
tr	O	I 'll give you that , and no , I wasn 't .
tr	O	I have your orders and I will be cooking your main course .
te	O	There was a sharp knock on the door , but he waited for several long minutes before answering .
tr	O	He left me at the B Company HQ , and I was glad to be rid of him .
tr	O	This gets a laugh from Ken and some of his nervousness fades away .
tr	O	At first Pierce thought it was lined with mirrors , but with a second glance he realized they were windows .
tr	O	My hand was shaking and beads of sweat were dripping from my brow as we went on towards the school .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe Devlin had done that to her , and he certainly hadn 't expected him to threaten to kidnap Eloise .
tr	O	Nick could hear more than one voice join in , but they were too faint to work out if he 'd heard them before .
tr	O	He could smell it as if it were right next to him , but it was very far , far away .
va	O	My mind is wandering all over the place , and I can 't get a handle on my thoughts .
tr	O	I 'd just walked in from outside , so I pretended it was from that , but really it had been my nerves .
tr	O	A Santa was holding court on his throne and the line was moving very slowly .
tr	O	The afternoon was supposed to be free , but I had messages on my answering machine .
tr	O	Time seemed to slow as she lifted her face to him , and her lips parted beneath his .
tr	O	She might know that Cinderella was a big myth , but right at that moment she would have denied it .
tr	O	Even in August at a weekend a detective was liable to be called from her headquarters , and no one else was likely to be calling her .
te	O	I held him , thinking he might snap awake again , but his doze deepened into a real sleep .
tr	O	They had gone into town and even though Anna knew it was long shot , she still checked with the post office .
tr	O	His dark hair was combed off his face , and his blue button-down brought out his eyes .
te	O	I sputter , and then my legs refuse to go any further .
va	O	The adrenaline rush was subsiding and I just felt like I wanted to sleep .
tr	O	It was what his morals demanded and his father would have expected of him .
tr	O	His smile faded , and he looked at me with stripped honesty .
va	O	It could be five minutes or it could be an hour .
tr	O	Keep your mouth shut , or I 'll shut it for you .
tr	O	The relationship was going nowhere , and she just downright scared me .
tr	O	His words carried an almost physical impact , and all at once she felt her hands begin to shake .
tr	O	It was Aunt Pol , and her voice sounded urgent .
tr	O	My misted body came in contact with the bomber 's , and just as the tiaras had disappeared in my grip , so too did the human .
tr	O	I will stand here somewhere on the veranda and you will find me , if you can smell me .
va	O	The cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while , in some sections , sunlight filtered through the overhead trees .
te	O	He pulled her fingers to his and Lina felt the wetness on her cheek .
tr	O	I don 't say a word about finding Gavin with Elena and I don 't see her again all evening .
tr	O	She had worked so hard to protect me and now she was worried I would ruin everything .
tr	O	None of us knows how many days we have left , and happiness won 't wait .
tr	O	She was stunned at how quickly passion had exploded between them ; one kiss and they were falling on the bed .
tr	O	Her mouth was dry and her tongue felt swollen .
tr	O	Dr. Jamison ( Van ) Vance went for a walk but he already knew his answer .
tr	O	He was talking to me but he was staring at Tallis .
va	O	We 've only got gloves for about half of you , but we need all of you to pull !
tr	O	She wasn 't going to kill anybody , and neither was Eve .
tr	O	She was quick , but Alec was quicker .
tr	O	Yes , his idea of something better was way beyond her own , but they 'd still both been striving to make a dream a reality .
tr	O	I had let down my guard and now I was in too deep .
tr	O	She couldn 't stop her tears , and his help only made it worse .
tr	O	It was only a couple of flights down to Sullivan 's office and Julie 's .
tr	O	The light on Sheridan turned off , plunging us into darkness , but when she spoke again , it was clear she hadn 't moved .
tr	O	Miriam waited anxiously , but Dreamer took her time .
tr	O	His voice sounded as aged as he looked , but the sense of power could not be overlooked .
tr	O	He was having a nightmare , and I was just standing there !
tr	O	The colors are so bright and the environment so rich with stimulus that just having one 's eyes open is like exercise .
tr	O	I wasn 't scared of Nan , but I was scared of what she 'd do to Harlow .
tr	O	I heard the sharp crackling of wood , the banging of something collapsing under the destruction , and I blinked .
te	O	Her mouth opened in return and he lost himself in her .
tr	O	I was vaguely aware of Red Dress saying something to me before my vision blurred and I was shoved into the van .
tr	O	I stop moving and the sensation grows .
tr	O	He sat on the couch and she knelt beside him .
te	O	It took me millions of years , but you , you are a disgrace !
te	O	Jo held the helicopter in a hover , but every second was a fight .
tr	O	The final bids would be checked later and the girls handed over to the man who had made the highest bid .
va	O	Her daily routine was a series of chores , and that was enough to wear anyone down .
tr	O	One phone call led to another , and a former co-worker was located working as a private school guidance counselor .
tr	O	The corners of his mouth hitched up slightly , but still he said nothing .
tr	O	I needed a hell of a lot more than fresh air , but it was a start .
tr	O	I immediately felt guilty , and I slouched toward her .
te	O	To do the entire wall , I 'd need more spray , but the piece I have planned won 't cover the entire wall .
tr	O	That was what we discussed , and the word of a Wolf is binding .
tr	O	As much as I hated him at the moment , he needed me , and I wanted to hold him .
tr	O	This was the final stage in Benson 's treatment , and it had to be done before tranquilizers could be administered .
tr	O	Then her face turned into a blurry vision , and before I could speak , everything went black .
tr	O	The elevator stopped and the doors opened .
te	O	Both were beautiful countries she 'd visited many times , but neither were places she 'd pick for a honeymoon .
tr	O	They were cash drafts , and the signatures were perfect .
tr	O	Several heads rose towards her in the anteroom , but she was past noticing .
tr	O	I looked up , and Archer met my eyes .
tr	O	He stared at her , confused , and then he realized she was right .
tr	O	I doubt I 'm his though , and it has to be a two-way thing really .
tr	O	Orders were given and a small reconnaissance party left to check the Southgate police station .
tr	O	I shouldn 't care anymore , but working for thirty cents an hour gives one a different perspective when it comes to handling money .
tr	O	His green eyes were sparkling with amusement and a lock of brown hair fell onto his forehead , making him look rakish .
tr	O	She didn 't answer , but he continued , anyway .
va	O	Max asked , but Gio didn 't answer .
tr	O	His gaze was riveted to what was below , and when Iona saw , she stilled as well .
tr	O	It 's not much , but it 's enough .
tr	O	Christmas was beginning for the students and the station was that much emptier .
te	O	I couldn 't see Diego , but I knew he was shrugging .
te	O	Longbow had also remained behind , but he didn 't say why .
tr	O	I planted my foot in them , and he boosted me through the window .
tr	O	There were only three women who called her Charlie and she didn 't want to speak to any of them .
tr	O	My eyes were still open but I couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	We had a minor brush with some trees , but what did I say ?
tr	O	When the day arrived , my hands started shaking again , but this time it was mostly from nerves .
tr	O	Joy , anger , sadness , fear ... but confusion seemed to stand out the most .
tr	O	She looked around and Sam was gone .
tr	O	I peered in the direction of Kaye and the group of cheerleaders huddled up front .
va	O	You 've helped me more than you 'll ever know and I didn 't even deserve it .
tr	O	Sam 's apartment had become uncomfortably stuffy , and I needed fresh air .
tr	O	He 'd been on his own since his mother died , and the last man he 'd lived with was his father .
tr	O	I couldn 't even make any friends at Mythos , and I wasn 't some great warrior like the other kids were .
tr	O	Kat tried to get to shelter , but her legs betrayed her .
tr	O	He 'd been wanting to catch that free hand , and this he finally did ; bad news for me .
tr	O	It was pitch dark out here and I wanted to smack myself .
tr	O	The wire stretcher in her hands swung out towards him , and then she fell backwards into the fence , screaming .
tr	O	She still wasn 't sure how she felt about Logan , but it seemed right that they were finally on friendly terms .
tr	O	The mill was once again Colville 's main employer and as the mill went , so did the town .
va	O	Jacob 's stony expression softened slightly , but his jaw was still tight with anger .
tr	O	His eyes glowed bright red , his fangs completely extended , but she got the feeling his reaction came from her injury .
tr	O	Her tone was tough and I looked down sheepishly .
tr	O	Garrett had looped his arm around Sarah , pulling her into his side , and he was quick to alleviate the worry in the women 's eyes .
tr	O	My weekly line-up 's been cleared for a while now , and I 'm not ready to find any replacements .
tr	O	His hip got in the way , but I was able to make out a large building .
tr	O	He didn 't want to feel another sting of guilt , but how the hell could he avoid it ?
tr	O	He frowned , and I looked away as we stepped out into the wide , brightly lit hallway .
tr	O	I know not yet what this part will be but it will be by our aegis to raise wisdom .
tr	O	Her body burned like a little furnace in the bed , and being near her warmth was comfortable .
tr	O	I reached for the address , but he snatched his hand away .
tr	O	Was I here or wasn 't I ?
tr	O	Moving was never easy , but she had done it so many times now that it was becoming somewhat of a routine .
va	O	She dreaded the thought of facing him , but she could think of no excuse .
tr	O	Business was booming , and I was actually busier than before .
tr	O	Again there was no answer , but the woman began to chant .
tr	O	There was no snow here , though the ground was damp , and I wondered how far from my original location I had come .
tr	O	I knew exactly what her story arc was from the beginning , and I knew the dramatic ending that it would have .
tr	O	I don 't know if this is love , and I don 't think Colby does , either .
tr	O	He was startled when the mannequin sat up , and he saw that it was the Countess .
tr	O	A hand grabbed my foot and I kicked , gasping as I desperately clawed at the floor .
tr	O	She didn 't recognize this place , but she knew they had left town .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrow at him , and he lifted his hands in defense .
tr	O	The bruises are still ringed around my neck , and there 's an ugly welt above my right eye .
va	O	The paramedics arrived and things got even more hectic .
tr	O	Savannah moved to get up , trying to adjust her clothes , but Cole held her in place .
tr	O	The man rounded , his mad eyes swimming with hemorrhage , and that dead , hot summer stink washed over Alex again .
va	O	She said you weren 't sleeping , and if having me with you will make you feel better , I can stay .
te	O	Not that I am that much older but I certainly am not green !
tr	O	As I watched , his flame died down to nothing and he stopped burning .
tr	O	He rose , but his head remained bowed .
tr	O	You 're gone , and I 'm alive .
tr	O	They played another game , and Stefan handed the twenty back .
va	O	Name aside , he liked the crossbow , and it had long been broken in .
tr	O	Mr. Whitman raised one eyebrow and then , surprisingly , smiled .
tr	O	Everyone in Sussex at some point in their teenage years found out about this place , but few set foot inside .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what he wanted , but he knew it didn 't involve letting her go .
va	O	There was danger out there threatening her family , her friends , and she couldn 't turn away .
va	O	It was good to see their brother lighten up a little and they knew that Tessa was the cause of his improved disposition .
te	O	They had named her Jennifer Angelina , intending to call her Jenna , but instead she had been Angel from the day she 'd been born .
tr	O	She drew a deep breath before giving both Derek and me pointed looks .
te	O	Brindle took him a different way back to his room , but this route didn 't reveal anything important .
tr	O	The muted sound of a room door closing reached his ears , and he looked at Greg again .
tr	O	Don 't tell your brother I said this , but Carson 's hot .
tr	O	Looking into Rick 's eyes I could see unadulterated pain and raging hatred staring at me in cold slate .
va	O	I was going to show it to him , but I hadn 't expected to ever show it to anyone .
tr	O	Morgan extended his hand to her , and a loving smile came to his face .
tr	O	He touched her shoulder and she could feel the relief at her safety flood through her .
tr	O	Her eyes flew open again and she stopped moving against him .
te	O	She knew they weren 't going to get much closer , but she couldn 't stop the foreboding that pulsed through her .
va	O	I jump off of James and he moves to stand too .
tr	O	Get too serious and you freeze up .
va	O	I checked them out , and they 're all in good working order .
tr	O	I pointed to the writing on the door with the pen , and then purposefully busied myself with his paperwork .
tr	O	Leah wrapped her arms around his shoulders , and he rode out of the back yard .
te	O	My delay could have easily been attributed to my sleeplessness , but I was surprised to find that Al saw right through me .
te	O	She wanted to ask his forgiveness for allowing this to happen , but the light that was Shea was already positioning herself over Raven .
va	O	The deep scar on his cheekbone made some say that his handsomeness was ruined , but Ainsley disagreed .
tr	O	There wasn 't a car in sight , but she still felt on edge .
va	O	I looked at Roach for a translation , but he was looking at the floor .
tr	O	Her gaze slid to Bessie 's worried face and she sighed .
tr	O	The end of that scene had a kiss , and Trystan didn 't think he could resist .
tr	O	I can see the path now , and the road is not too long .
tr	O	He was something else entirely , but I wasn 't sure what .
tr	O	Dear David , I 'm sorry , but it 's not going to happen the way we planned it .
tr	O	He paused , waiting for the person to pass by , but they never came .
tr	O	I may have set the criteria , but this is your project .
tr	O	It was an oddly erotic sensation , and her body quickened in remembrance .
tr	O	Liam shot a loaded look at Nikolas , and then his eyes slid to mine to drive the point home .
tr	O	He brought his eyes back to mine and his body relaxed when he noticed my tears .
tr	O	I heard Owens let out a breath , and I watched as the mother came out .
tr	O	The words were fuzzy , and Bates didn 't know what was said .
tr	O	His shirt was wrinkled , and his hair was tousled .
tr	O	I dreaded to not only have to wait till next week , but that was only if I figured out how to beat him .
tr	O	That was before logic kicked into high gear and I realized no breathing body meant no ice cream money .
te	O	Claire knew she sounded defensive , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	It was just he and I , the only two people on the earth .
tr	O	Dean opened the windows and flung back the curtains .
tr	O	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	O	Fiji was safe , and Olivia knew it .
tr	O	It was half a guess , but she was becoming slightly alarmed .
tr	O	His skin was hot to the touch , and she jerked her fingers back in surprise .
tr	O	She focused on him , smoke at her ears , and Cooper realized dully that the green punch was revolting .
tr	O	Rand was in shock but Rand was not crazy .
tr	O	The music was jovial and the musicians were pristine .
te	O	I could be wrong , but I think I 'm looking at my birth certificate .
tr	O	There was a lengthy pause and Farnsworth didn 't like pauses .
tr	O	Then her heart lurched into rhythm again , and she drew a deep , painful breath .
tr	O	All the men at the table were smiling , and even Fiji looked amused .
tr	O	I like her , a lot , but I 'm in love with Olivia .
tr	O	Just think about me and I 'll hear you .
tr	O	They are behind the shrubs lining the psychiatric building and I can hear Anthony pleading with Renee to leave with him tonight .
tr	O	The final chasm to cross is a large one , but the boy makes the running leap without hesitation .
va	O	Duane had not only been his mentor , but Colin also considered them to be friends .
tr	O	I 've been included on talks with all of their leaders and they are no threat to the human population .
tr	O	Lance tried to remember his life before crawling into that cab with Julia , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	Brody did his best to look modest , but grizzlies were bad at not looking smug .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to say something almost , but she choked .
tr	O	Only one square of fuel was showing and it was flashing .
tr	O	I smile , but she 's right .
tr	O	Now I want answers from you , and I don 't care how I get them out of you .
tr	O	My eyes lift up as I think this and I take a second look at my dad .
tr	O	I knew her struggle had a source and it drew me in .
tr	O	She slipped from his grasp , and he pulled his arm back .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath , and he went on .
tr	O	They didn 't bother answering him since they were still busy staring at her , but he didn 't really see what they seemed to see .
tr	O	I care about my family , but I feel like I don 't fit in like everyone else .
tr	O	The police didn 't know that , but he knew .
tr	O	She backed away with her gun still on the outlaw , but giving Bobcat a clear sight of him also .
tr	O	She peered through the tiny peephole , and her breath caught in her throat when she saw a shadow in the trees .
tr	O	Her official name was Miss Pastry Chef , due to Yolanda 's dream occupation , but sometimes her name was shortened to Mischief .
tr	O	He pushed hard against the counter , and the counter didn 't move .
tr	O	He inquires , innate politeness taking over , but I can see the questioning in his eyes as to why he agreed to speak with me .
tr	O	She began sniffing about , though she stayed far from Dorian , and she soon disappeared beneath the bed .
te	O	They settled in on the plush leather couch as the engine turned over and the boat started back across the water .
tr	O	Julian looked at his hands and Mia watched them as well .
tr	O	One bullet grazed his leg and another gouged out a wickedly painful groove in his left side just below his ribs .
tr	O	I hear Amar 's voice , speaking to the armed guards , but I don 't know what he 's saying .
tr	O	This was going to be mortifying , but I couldn 't do anything about it now .
tr	O	He walks towards the figure and they meet face to face .
tr	O	He 'd fallen back on travel , and the old desire was beckoning again .
tr	O	He didn 't turn but I saw him shake his head in that way men do when they think women are entirely too ridiculous for words .
tr	O	She stared into his eyes , horrified , yet she had to know the truth .
tr	O	Paul gestured for us to sit and I stumbled on the way to my seat .
tr	O	It was a miracle that there was rain here , and I hadn 't meant to make it go away .
tr	O	T is all night we have , and all night I plan to enjoy .
va	O	They were talking low , circling someone on a lounge chair , and she feared she knew who that someone was .
tr	O	It 's late in the afternoon and the sun will be setting soon .
tr	O	Her whole focus narrowed to her tingling knees , and that royally ticked her off .
tr	O	She 'd thought about his bedroom , and now that had him imagining her there .
tr	O	A rowdy guest at another table had knocked a water glass to the ground and Fila nearly jolted out of her chair at the unexpected noise .
tr	O	Most people believe there is a soul within that is separate from human mind and it is detachable from human body .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if she knew it , and it worried him to think that she might .
tr	O	It 's disturbing and anyone would worry , except me .
tr	O	I glanced down at the radiant heart and an unpleasant chill ran down my spine .
tr	O	My head spun and my stomach rolled .
va	O	That earned me a small crack in his surely demeanor and he smiled at me .
te	O	I was being helped by something and that was very clear to me .
tr	O	I look away from him as my heart starts racing and I feel the first trickle of sweat down my back .
va	O	I never believed I would want to get married again , but Chloe has changed that for me too .
tr	O	He lived for the danger of his job , and it was a job that didn 't encourage emotional ties .
tr	O	He was the pilot in command , and the concept was important to him .
tr	O	My injured leg wouldn 't support me , and after a couple of strides I collapsed to the floor , helpless .
va	O	He just didn 't care how I felt about it , and there was nothing I could say .
tr	O	The mistake last time had been not giving the hunt a purpose , but that mistake would not be made tonight .
tr	O	He hadn 't meant to pressure Rebecca so much , but the martyrdom shtick had set his temper off .
te	O	Half the job is done for today , and the other half is not a problem .
tr	O	The shell had been thoroughly cleaned out and I couldn 't smell anything fishy .
te	O	I didn 't know the exact distance from old Austin to New Austin , but it wasn 't too far to walk .
tr	O	I wanted to touch his hair , hold his hand , but I knew he wouldn 't let me .
va	O	He just believed the Sacred Writings were true , and following them was the right thing to do .
tr	O	Someone screams , and the sound is violently cut off .
va	O	Yesterday , I met a boy who is going to perform today and he 's trained dogs to walk around wearing skirts !
tr	O	Oh , God , she was weakening and she knew it .
tr	O	They 'd done things before , but this was different .
tr	O	Her arm was in a cast and her neck was in a collar so she couldn 't move it .
tr	O	An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain .
tr	O	There was a general sigh of disappointment among his listeners , but Damon just looked more sul en .
tr	O	She 'd thrown down a gauntlet with her fooling around , and he was as competitive as the next guy .
tr	O	He would forgive her , because he was her husband and he loved her .
tr	O	Aimee peers at me as if she 's trying to solve the world 's hunger problems and I have an unlimited supply of cheeseburgers in my backpack .
tr	O	She didn 't have a gun in her house , but she did have a baseball bat in her bedroom .
tr	O	At least the cold had temporarily done its job , and his body was somewhat back under control .
te	O	We weren 't alone in the lobby but none of the people around us were young enough to attend our school .
tr	O	He took her face in his hands and a sunburst went off in Karou 's chest .
tr	O	Metal scraped against the road and Haven turned to see the crashed truck sway a little on its side .
tr	O	Seeing the Botkin revert to form before their eyes confirmed his ancestry , but questions remained .
tr	O	She heard the guard lock it , and she turned around .
tr	O	A quizzical finger was raised that suggested something had come to mind , but he had no interest in explaining anything just yet .
tr	O	Callum 's voice sliced through my thoughts and I looked over at him in surprise .
te	O	My orgasm was stronger , longer , than any kind of pleasure I 'd ever experienced and he drew it out to the edge of the abyss .
tr	O	There was only one hiccup in the first week and that was close to the end of it .
tr	O	Most of the guest list is male , and most of them are wearing business suits .
tr	O	I know it 's not much of a honeymoon , but I 'd like to take you away , even if it 's only for a weekend .
tr	O	The man was guilty , but the defence was good .
tr	O	Moving swiftly , my legs hit the bed , and my hands found hers as she tumbled backward .
te	O	He took the opportunity to caress her neck with his mouth and he felt her low grown all the way to his toes .
tr	O	I don 't expect you to understand this yet , but when a woman marries you , it changes everything .
tr	O	He took another sip of wine and I heard the liquid hiss through his teeth .
te	O	The girls weren 't frightened , but it was impossible not to be nervous .
tr	O	He glanced over at her and she instantly saw the salacious thought racing through his mind .
tr	O	It opens from this side , but Elder 's smart enough to cram a chair in the door so it doesn 't lock again .
tr	O	The floor was mostly white marble , and I could see a hint of plush carpet on the other end of the hall .
te	O	Jonah looked at me curiously , and I found I couldn 't make eye contact .
tr	O	He 'd been pouring himself out to Martin , and he hadn 't closed the emotional doors yet .
tr	O	He could so easily crush me , but Christian had become my welcomed complication .
tr	O	They reached a clearing , and Kelly 's breath caught .
te	O	Her eyes widened and she exploded from an inner fire .
tr	O	I tried to hold it together , but I couldn 't hold in my emotions .
tr	O	She did not know why she chose these words but they seemed right .
tr	O	They walked through the big room and Colin stopped her right in the middle .
va	O	His shoulders slumped and he sighed .
tr	O	His posture gave away his disappointment at her absence , but straightened up when we told him she missed it for volleyball .
tr	O	She was innocent in this situation and it appeared her innocence remained intact .
tr	O	His dark expression said he was ready to deny what he was hearing , but Claire cut him off before he had a chance to speak .
tr	O	The law won 't allow it and the barons won 't accept it .
tr	O	Beyond his hope she returned to him where he sat in darkness , and long ago in the Hidden Kingdom she laid her hand in his .
te	O	Anticipation tightened his muscles , but he deliberately resisted it .
tr	O	When you are inexperienced in these things , you never know what is what but I hoped it would lead to something great .
va	O	This was to be the first test of his power and he hoped he wouldn 't get an argument .
tr	O	It 's an odd way to feel good about oneself , but I guess I 'm a bit of an odd girl .
te	O	She started to tell him she 'd never accept it , but she didn 't even know if it was a lie .
tr	O	I rol ed my eyes , but the sword didn 't notice .
tr	O	Tyler 's arm tightened around her as his muscles locked up and he sent Blake a glare .
tr	O	Packed tight as they were he must have run into her at some point but she wasn 't very recognisable right now .
tr	O	She waited for Bill to say something but he had already turned his attention to the newspaper .
tr	O	The sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten .
tr	O	I lunged at him to stop him , and I overestimated my new ability .
te	O	He made a dash for it , but the opportunity was too short .
tr	O	He glanced over her shoulder and Rena 's confusion grew .
te	O	She says nothing , but when I look down at her , her brown eyes are pleading for mercy .
tr	O	I 'm from New York , but I was born in Canada .
va	O	Everything about him was suddenly making her nervous and she wasn 't sure how to handle it .
tr	O	I know I want something like what you two share , and I 'm not sure I 've found it yet .
tr	O	Not only that , most of the old geezers have more money than God , but they 'll pinch a penny like nobody 's business .
tr	O	Even though I was born in the states , my parents were just learning English , and we always spoke Italian at home .
tr	O	The sucking stopped and everything fell still .
tr	O	He might 've been talking to Jeff , but his eyes were holding Robin 's .
va	O	He was going to kill me , but I killed him .
tr	O	The lights dimmed as the movie started , and there was rustling as everyone got situated in their seats .
tr	O	Giselle 's shoulders slumped and she looked even more gaunt , which he hadn 't thought possible .
te	O	Beside me , Ivy was drinking hot chocolate and Missy had cider also .
tr	O	He stepped forward , but two deputies entered the room .
tr	O	Her voice was soft as well , but it was more of a purr .
tr	O	Ted Watson will eventually be handed over to them and that 's the last we shall see of him .
te	O	As it flew open , I fell to the right , and Yang rushed forward , sweeping the room .
te	O	Ne 'd oe 's legs felt strangely weak , and her throat closed on a gasp .
va	O	You 're unbelievably attractive and I 'm a guy .
te	O	I don 't know if your Mummy told you , but I 'm working on an assignment at the moment .
tr	O	She 'd feared that , but having it confirmed scared the spit out of her .
tr	O	As she waved good-bye , a school bus pulled up behind Eva , and kids poured out of it .
te	O	Edna 's head snapped upright and she leaped to her feet .
tr	O	The sound of Mark clearing his throat brought me back down to earth , and I pulled away , blushing furiously .
tr	O	George said sitting next to him , and Lukas hadn 't seen him come in .
tr	O	Inside , there were no windows , but despite that it was not dark .
tr	O	His name was Brady and he watched over Leigh while she had a couple of beers .
te	O	They were organic , and they were genuine .
te	O	Shane started to speak , but Eric signaled him quiet .
tr	O	It hit her on the side and Dagmar quickly slammed the torch at her .
te	O	I feel the Superior summoning me but I can 't tear myself away from the cataclysm before me .
tr	O	Now I realized he meant what lurked within me , and it had probably been there since before the accident .
tr	O	It would be better for everyone involved if she refused to meet her , but the desperate worry in Lindy 's steady gaze frightened her .
tr	O	He chuckles , and I slowly let out a sigh of relief .
tr	O	All its tires were slashed and graffiti danced across the bonnet .
te	O	She wondered idly whether he , too , was in graduate school at Duke , but she doubted it .
tr	O	It would take a long time for her to heal but Celine knew that her little soldier would pull through .
tr	O	I was only a boy of fifteen , but I thought I was a man .
tr	O	This was big news , and Sally relished big news .
tr	O	Avalon read my thought and I heard him grunt audibly behind me .
tr	O	She starts to walk toward the aisle , but I don 't let her hand go .
te	O	They stumbled backward against the side of a building , and Julia finally understood why people risked everything for this .
tr	O	Danika 's eyes widened , and her mouth fell open .
va	O	She wanted to know but she didn 't ask .
tr	O	The walls were painted a deep shade of blue and here , too , the shades had been pulled so that little light could seep in .
tr	O	The rehearsal was about to start and he hadn 't shown up yet .
va	O	I 'd already gone through all her jewelry and Gran had already gotten all her important papers .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
va	O	He motions toward an upholstered chair in the corner of the room , and she sits .
va	O	Cricket isn 't cool in the same sense as Max , but he 's the most interesting person I know .
tr	O	He carried them out to the car and she headed to the Forest Arms Motel .
tr	O	His fingertips tapped a tune at the base of the phone , but Gene didn 't dial .
tr	O	I had killed , and I felt no guilt .
tr	O	Strom tried to follow her , but she put a hand on his chest .
va	O	I felt a sudden jolt in that hand , and I jerked it back with a startled oath .
tr	O	The pain in my leg was starting to flare up again and I needed to push past it .
te	O	The elevator shudders as it stops , and I cling to the wall to steady myself as the doors open .
tr	O	She betrayed me in the worst way and I 'll never forget it .
tr	O	I know he was distant , but he believed in this restoration as much as I do .
tr	O	I haven 't seen a strawberry in weeks , but somehow my sister smells of them .
tr	O	Well I could , but it was amazing .
tr	O	His words were gentle , yet it felt like he had slammed his fist into my gut .
te	O	Maynard was leaning back in his chair and three quarters of the pizza was gone .
tr	O	It indicated momentous news but it seemed to have a few thorns in it as well .
te	O	There was a second when it was lost to view , and then it re-emerged like the sun from a cloud .
tr	O	It was a good thing Rome couldn 't read minds or else her thoughts would deflate him for sure .
tr	O	The sun had dropped below the horizon and the sea glowed opalescent blue behind the stage .
tr	O	A lance of fresh pain stabs through me , but I tamp it down .
tr	O	He wasn 't near enough to touch , but I could feel the warmth of his skin , beckoning me , lulling me .
tr	O	He died in January and they sent her his effects .
tr	O	Garrick Carmichael asked , and Jenny stared at him in amazement , a lump of emotion filling her throat .
tr	O	His soul is dying , but you can save it .
tr	O	The door opened and Rock walked in .
tr	O	Simon 's breath caught silently , and his heart began to race .
tr	O	He waits for a minute , and I see the young men all ball into themselves .
tr	O	His eyes were closed and his hands were shaking .
tr	O	He was smiling when he made the last remark but he knew it would come to be .
tr	O	Some lip gloss and a spray of my perfume finished me .
tr	O	My words were barely above a whisper but she flinched all the same .
te	O	I 'd like to head over to Lennox 's party now , but I don 't know how I feel about leaving Mom alone .
tr	O	I held my arm out , and he pushed the sleeve of my jacket up just past my elbow .
tr	O	He might have been forced to venture meekly onto Armstrong land , but he damn sure wouldn 't allow any Armstrong to intimidate him .
va	O	The Commands themselves were simple to say , but providing the right mental impulse was difficult .
tr	O	Death might have taken a while to note our presence , but it 's moving swiftly to turn its imprisoned souls against us .
tr	O	He was clearly trying to make himself look more stable , but Devon wasn 't fooled .
te	O	The lights winked from the passing ceiling and the faint murmurs grew into blaring echoes .
tr	O	She adored the older woman , but a lesson was in order .
va	O	She kissed me again , and we fell onto her bed .
tr	O	Fred tried to shut his mouth to keep quiet , but the words kept tumbling over his former silver tongue .
tr	O	Cold comfort in the light of what has happened , but it was something .
tr	O	She had a really hard shell but I remembered something in the kiss .
tr	O	The tiny room began to spin and my stomach churned with embarrassment .
tr	O	It seemed like Zane was always geared up for a fight lately , and Ty was running out of ways to handle him .
tr	O	I love him more each day but there 's still something I feel is keeping us apart .
te	O	Every girl in school 's crazy about him and he asked me .
tr	O	Rick 's a good guy to keep in with , and that firm is one of the best around .
tr	O	We 're here , but we were there .
tr	O	He tried to find the words , but he didn 't know how to begin .
tr	O	Gabriel wearily transformed into human form once supper was over , and they locked themselves inside their tent .
tr	O	It fought back , but the axe helped .
tr	O	I get why you 're mad , but it was a long time ago .
tr	O	Minutes wore on as pinks , yellows , and greens rolled by .
va	O	I ruined her , and I should be the one to pay for it !
tr	O	I want a home again , and I want a family someday .
tr	O	She opened her arms and Hope rushed forward before anyone could stop her , embracing the woman .
tr	O	The Beater honked , and we broke off kissing .
tr	O	I know it might not always seem like that , but it 's true .
tr	O	These wouldn 't be my first choice of companions but still better than going in alone .
tr	O	He let her have her way with him for another moment , and she enjoyed another leisurely , thorough , damp exploration of him .
va	O	A captain sprang to his feet , and without the usual courtesy he spoke flippantly .
tr	O	He had no privacy , and there were obvious indications .
tr	O	I waited for him to ask me if it was cool , and I didn 't know what I would say .
tr	O	The sleek car jumped into gear , and we sped toward the hospital .
tr	O	He 'd been teasing but she was entirely serious .
tr	O	He moved swiftly toward her to help , but Jaxon was so alarmed that she brought the gun up .
tr	O	I am pleading for justice , and justice I have not had .
tr	O	We 're all going through a hard time but we don 't put each other down .
tr	O	Heavy footsteps sounded outside , and sunlight flooded the tent as someone flapped open the door .
tr	O	There 's a brief pause , and when I glance over at him , he 's giving me a quizzical look .
tr	O	A partly hysterical laugh burst free and a small grin stretched his lips .
tr	O	He started driving back home but after 30 minutes realized there was nothing there for him anymore and he didn 't feel like going back .
tr	O	They trusted him implicitly , and he had earned that trust the hard way .
tr	O	He wanted a whole lot more than that and somehow he would have to make that happen .
tr	O	He said stared down at her intensely , and she found herself gripped in his gaze .
tr	O	His eyes were full of sorrow as he looked at me and I wanted to make it go away .
va	O	The aches of the previous battle had caught up with him , and he slowly followed Cody into the cave .
tr	O	A light breeze cooled his skin and the smell of spring reminded him of home .
tr	O	It had worked with Mavis Weld and it would work here .
tr	O	He 's supposed to have the answers and he doesn 't know what to do .
tr	O	You want to learn to read and I 'm going to help you .
tr	O	Pia followed him leaving Simone and I standing in the showroom by ourselves .
tr	O	You have never seen anything and you have never touched anything .
tr	O	Tristan could no longer threaten her , and most important of all , Gideon was safe .
tr	O	Quite obviously , I was going to need a disguise , but I was fairly sure I could find something that 'd get me by .
tr	O	Nick 's shoulders tensed up against her likely fury , but Maxi was quiet .
tr	O	Then it starts unraveling the body 's cells , and their bodies begin to fall apart .
te	O	Sometimes that 's a problem with little ones like her , but she took right to the bottle .
tr	O	He was not the most mobile player , but he had no problems making himself large when a striker was bearing down on him .
te	O	The music started up , and the next dance begun .
tr	O	I slid the person in question a look , but Aiden had the same expression that Apollo did .
tr	O	I even have diagrams , but they don 't help a lot .
tr	O	He could hear the gentle regret in her voice , but she didn 't ask him to call when he returned .
tr	O	He took me in his arms , and I clung to him .
tr	O	Winkler recalled at the last moment that he was in public and the waiter was on his way to refill iced tea glasses .
tr	O	His parents had been away , and pretty much everyone knew it .
tr	O	Miguel rattled the translation , and the entire group seemed to smile .
te	O	Jasmine dragged him to the end of the hall , and they stood under a window .
tr	O	It was even colder now than it had been before , and the wind was howling like a pack of Fenrir wolves .
tr	O	He paused for a moment , and the look on his face eased .
tr	O	He did not wear a shirt , and his body rippled with taught muscles .
te	O	An engine starts up and I see a station wagon backing out of the garage .
tr	O	She had a lot to think about and she couldn 't do it here .
tr	O	Michelle was in the back , taking care of some paperwork , and the other girls had gone for the day .
tr	O	He 'd acquired more sexual skill with his hands , mouth , and c * ck than any man should have a right to .
tr	O	The elegant Victorian building is still standing , but it looks like a giant has bashed the roof in .
tr	O	They even had the remote control but she wasn  t going to say that .
tr	O	He 's groping a leggy blonde and the scene is obviously upsetting to Jules .
tr	O	Ian kissed her again , and she responded , her mouth softening for him , hands seeking his body .
te	O	We 'd been on our way to see her at the hospital , but we were still three states away when Uncle Jared called .
tr	O	Some of the steam went out of me and I dropped into my seat .
tr	O	Her hair was pulled back into a curly ponytail , and her eyelids were blue with makeup .
tr	O	There was a hard road and there was an easy road .
tr	O	Gavin winced a little when she touched him , but he didn 't pull away .
te	O	It 's thinner than the rest of the tattoos , and I never noticed it before .
te	O	It would be better if Vira were alive , but she can be just as useful to me dead .
tr	O	Finan had lunged at his brother 's attacker , and together they had rolled from sight .
tr	O	You let me do this and I won 't kill you .
tr	O	She tried to muster a smile , but her mouth felt too heavy .
va	O	She started to shake her head in denial but Diane waved a hand to halt any protestations .
tr	O	He thought he was helping me , but instead had only made my life more difficult .
tr	O	You know it , and I know it .
tr	O	Jean laughed at that , and I smiled at her .
tr	O	They were thick , like pea soup , but they swarmed only beyond the circle of stone pillars .
te	O	The only problem was that he could not carry a tune , and I had no idea what the song sounded like .
tr	O	Mandy told the nurse , and she added more pain medication to his IV .
va	O	His knees trembled underneath him and he could hardly keep his head up .
tr	O	The innocent curse didn 't surprise him , but the panicked shock bubbling from it did .
tr	O	Normally people train for years before their first race , but Jack fast-tracked me .
tr	O	My insides wind into knots , but I don 't back down .
tr	O	He began tumbling out , but Star held his arm .
tr	O	The woman flinched , but she held on to her courage .
tr	O	A light tapping sound overhead made me look up , but of course I saw nothing .
tr	O	I hadn 't noticed her rising nor her moving to tower above me .
tr	O	Samuel yelled at me to get down again and this time I didn 't ignore him .
tr	O	Olivia usually hated when people call her Livvy , but Mo was the exception to the rule .
va	O	I 'm not sure whether the rest of the team milling around the pool got Keke 's dirty joke , but I got it .
va	O	We have monitors in the hallways , and most of us try to wear watches .
tr	O	It was easy reading with pictures describing the equipment , and she was finished by the time Kevin was dressed .
tr	O	She had to keep Bonnie safe - but that meant leaving Stefan , gentle Stefan , at the mercy of Shinichi .
va	O	He 'd dived inside his head and he wouldn 't let me near him .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to go kick in the car 's door , but there was no time .
te	O	Maybe he fell off the incubus wagon , sure , but he wouldn 't inflict any more harm than he had to .
tr	O	Rachel looks at me for confirmation , but I shake my head .
tr	O	I messed up , but I told the therapist .
te	O	* I can run faster , and I can smell him , even if he is hiding .
tr	O	He knows Kate better than he knows anyone and yet he has no idea what to say next .
tr	O	I got in bed , but I couldn 't sleep .
tr	O	The warning registered , and he took a split second to assess the threat .
tr	O	They detonated instantly , and dense grey smoke billowed out , encompassing the guards in a moment .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say , but she knew that she had to tell Hadley something .
tr	O	She jumped , but I hadn 't been able to make sure it was Ava .
tr	O	Her flesh clamped around their delicious invasion , but it was him she needed inside her .
tr	O	I can show you evidence , but that will have to come later .
tr	O	He held up one of the vials , and I could see lines of concentration deepening on his face as he focused on it .
tr	O	She glanced at Declan and he watched in awe .
tr	O	The clapping started in the dark , and my breath caught in my throat .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be the first and it wouldn 't be the last .
tr	O	His ankle burned where the silver had touched him , but he paid it little heed .
tr	O	We had so few moments left , and I felt annoyed .
tr	O	This wasn 't the way I had expected this interview to go but I wasn 't complaining yet .
tr	O	He started with the button at the top of his pants , and I rolled over .
tr	O	They had a large selection and their seaweed salad was delicious .
tr	O	Only these are true in the article and he know it .
tr	O	Yes , her body surged when their life-force drifted into her , but the temporary vitality faded quickly .
tr	O	Once again The Program has won , and we 're about to lose everything .
tr	O	The computer responded fast and he swore .
tr	O	The truck was wider than the leading jeep , and it struggled to fit within the narrow path .
tr	O	She bumped into my shoulder that was already sore as shit and I cursed , loud , scaring the hell out of her .
va	O	Lizzie looked over at Lucas and seeing the strained look on his face she shook her head .
tr	O	It moved fast though , and soon we were inside .
tr	O	He brushed his lips lightly over her temple , and something buzzed hard in her belly .
tr	O	All the girls around her were staring and she expected to hear the cellar door open at any moment .
tr	O	She was still herself , but she felt distant -- unattached .
tr	O	I pull it open and it creaks with age .
tr	O	Sometimes I pity myself the same way I did Aunt Edna , and I think I 'm just a silly bitch .
tr	O	They had both started working at the school the same year and their friendship blossomed instantly .
tr	O	I want to be a wife and I want to be a mom .
tr	O	Twelve All Carol could do was cry , and the pile of used tissues was mounting .
tr	O	The transmitter was booked and they booted me off .
tr	O	he cried , showing his pointy teeth in a fierce grimace but his eyes shifted behind me to where the pretty one stood .
tr	O	Relief flooded over me that I would not hit the hard floor and my skull would not be concussed .
tr	O	Stefan was probably asleep upstairs , and Meredith wanted to keep it that way .
tr	O	He 'd barely touched her and already she was trembling on the brink of orgasm , ready to fly over the edge at the slightest provocation .
tr	O	He falls flat to his back , and I crash on top of him .
tr	O	I get it but I think it 's gone a little too far .
tr	O	I didn 't agree , but I saw his point .
tr	O	She would never approve and it would only cause her pain .
tr	O	Mud might not be my thing , but I was doing this to be popular .
tr	O	Suddenly the clouds parted and the alley glittered strangely .
tr	O	I 'm trying to act a little younger , but I don 't want to pretend with Elle .
te	O	She did and he finally arrived .
tr	O	I didn 't move from his embrace , but I didn 't hug him either .
tr	O	We took a seat at a picnic table and David poured a glass of wine .
tr	O	I need to start getting to the gym again , and we could go together .
va	O	I know you , and I know Stefan .
tr	O	When I looked up at Carter , I expected one of his laconic smiles , but his face was all seriousness .
tr	O	I know you want to be like these people , Jeremy , but you already have something that money can 't buy .
tr	O	Their scent would cling to her , and no matter what you did , Zeke , you wouldn 't get rid of that smell .
tr	O	Perry was still yelling for her to leave but she never would .
tr	O	She wanted to get more facts first , but this situation seemed to be quickly slipping away from her expertise .
tr	O	He was slower than Ranma but he still had talent .
tr	O	The essential thing you have to understand about a true killer is that killing is their nature , and you can 't change something 's nature .
tr	O	Iona liked Clay , but she felt a little uneasy with him .
tr	O	Few things from him could have surprised me more - and he said pretty surprising things on a regular basis .
tr	O	I know that sounds dumb , but I think it just hit me like a ton of bricks .
tr	O	The crowds still hadn 't let up , and we soon found ourselves packed in so tight that it became noticeably harder to breathe .
tr	O	The Chinese might have some planes hidden somewhere and they would be handled if they rose up to challenge the Navy .
tr	O	My eyes fil ed with tears , and I turned to face the front .
tr	O	The women are looking close to the keep and the soldiers are searching the entire outer perimeter .
tr	O	He paused , checking the coordinates of Tolland 's ship , and then looked over his shoulder in surprise .
va	O	I had my back to the truck and I didn 't see anyone in front of me .
tr	O	I tried to look away , but I was frightened .
tr	O	Already I 'm dreading the thought of caging even one of them , but hopefully we 'll be able to free them in a few days .
tr	O	Albeit a little surprised , Kiran reciprocated my passion with his own and soon our magic was mingling together in a swirl of frenetic energy .
tr	O	The Red Sox were in the race for the playoffs and he was riveted .
tr	O	Maybe she had received the best medicine and she wasn 't able to feel anything .
tr	O	It had been a long , long time since she 'd felt that way , and she didn 't much care for it now , either .
va	O	She was still fearful , but the panic was ebbing .
va	O	Viper touched her arm and she heaved a sigh .
tr	O	The window was open and her cellphone was gone .
tr	O	Mick stood from the sofa , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Colin admired how she told the truth , but it was only true when interpreted a certain way .
tr	O	She looked away and the buzz in my ears faded .
te	O	A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle .
tr	O	He stepped out of the bathroom down the hall , and a cloud of steam followed him .
tr	O	The front door to his suite had opened and she 'd assumed it must be the maid .
tr	O	It seemed unlikely , but it wouldn 't be the first time his sister had surprised him .
tr	O	It was my first impulse , but that sobered me up , the fact that it was an impulse .
tr	O	I have other heirs , but he will have none .
tr	O	They were coming to no harm from the dampness , but he couldn 't allow himself to open his ammunition box .
tr	O	Gideon looked as remorseful as he could , but it didn 't work with Madame Rossini .
tr	O	Leaving the girl like that made me sick with guilt but we didn 't have a choice .
tr	O	Success comes if your names are spoken and the bell is formed .
va	O	He needed to talk to her , but now wasn 't the time .
te	O	This time Michael Pitt was copilot , and Bob had released the shuttle at 54,000 feet , a record for the whole team .
tr	O	Every instinct screamed that there was something wrong , something he was missing , but he had no idea what .
va	O	It lay there , high on her hip , but he made no attempt to move farther .
tr	O	The crowd erupted in applause at the happy moment , but all Willow could do was cry her heart out .
tr	O	Jason put the car in drive and away we went .
tr	O	I just saw my clearly alive sister , and she practically killed me with her pain .
tr	O	Theoretically the two heading east could have been Lane 's guys , but he doubted it .
tr	O	Just when she thought he was about to pull away , his hand shifted and his fingers laced with hers .
tr	O	I could 've run after him , but there were bigger problems to deal with .
tr	O	She was going to have to kill him , but not now ; right now she had to get herself chosen .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to believe me , and trust was out of the question .
tr	O	Now , I am poor at doing the magic , but as I say , I manage to get by .
te	O	He 'd only been home one day , and already jealousy was beginning to torment her .
tr	O	He was poor , and Simon knew what it was like to grow up in severe poverty .
tr	O	It doesn  t look like something man-made but you never know I think as the object slides evenly onto the ground .
va	O	I had known what they were and I knew what I was becoming .
va	O	Paul had been involved in a fist fight at a bar , and after being restrained by bouncers , the bar 's owners had called the cops .
tr	O	The sheriff stopped talking to the women and it became awkwardly quiet in the car .
te	O	He 'd removed his suit jacket and the sleeves of his white shirt were rolled halfway up his arms .
tr	O	She knew that if he had not been holding her , he would have gone after Dani , and he would have killed her .
tr	O	You are to read it , and then you will see our little Humphrey to understand its ramifications .
tr	O	Instinct took over and a sudden need to get out overpowered me .
tr	O	I take him hunting so he can blow off some steam , but he 's not talking about it .
tr	O	Her wedding was coming up in a few more days and she was terrified .
tr	O	The four of them joined the search , but the escape rope was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	My father-in-law 's face was ashen and he stared back at me blankly .
te	O	Running feet sounded near her , and she turned to see Jeff .
tr	O	Women were fickle and they fought dirty .
tr	O	The tearing turned to loud snaps and the tree leaning over then came to land on the ground with a final loud crash .
tr	O	I wanted to throw in a less revealing PJ option , but I didn 't let myself .
tr	O	In a panic , I ordered them open , but my body overruled all .
va	O	I was greedy , and my hands were everywhere , my lips following their path .
tr	O	I haven 't done it in years and that 's the truth .
va	O	Pewter kept her moving , but it also bottled up her natural fatigue .
tr	O	It took a few seconds but one of them finally spoke up .
te	O	His breathing slowed a little and he looked up at me .
te	O	The train started to move again and we were soon back in the darkness .
tr	O	This was who he was , and he wasn 't changing himself to try to entice her .
tr	O	So far , she had managed to keep her temper in check , but it was getting harder day-by-day .
tr	O	The back door of the sanctuary opened and Lisa walked in holding Chris ' hand .
tr	O	Rich spoke as well , in that same foreign language , and the beam of his flashlight made rainbows in her eyes .
tr	O	Noah grinned and Zane gave him the eye .
va	O	I don 't expect you to ever trust me again , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	You were the kindest , most genuine person I 've ever known , and I 'm so sorry you were hurt like this .
te	O	The operator spoke to me at the same time , and I couldn 't figure out what either one said .
te	O	Water trickled down the walls , and the smell of human filth burned his nostrils .
va	O	I don 't know why the Lord chose to take her home this morning , but He did .
tr	O	We walked inside , and I could hear voices from the kitchen .
tr	O	It 's a small sacrifice , and I 'm amenable to whatever it takes .
va	O	So badly she wanted to wave her hand in front of her nose , but she did not .
tr	O	It hurts , but I understand .
tr	O	I set my glass down a little too hard , and some of the cherry Coke sloshed onto the bar .
tr	O	Kylie wanted to help her , but Holiday insisted on being alone .
tr	O	You 're upset , and you need me .
va	O	He got pinched last year but he never turned on his crew .
tr	O	You take great joy in those things , and you should never be ashamed of that .
tr	O	She smiled and something inside him burst .
va	O	He could not identify it , and he did not like it .
tr	O	The old folks blocked Jonah 's view , but he figured it had to be Dean .
tr	O	She felt him grow thicker and she tried to pull away .
tr	O	The woman refuses to press charges , but the man is escorted off the property with a warning not to return .
va	O	He didn 't want to keep reliving his past mistakes that took himself away from them , but again those things kept popping in his head .
tr	O	Her face flamed and her fingers shook .
tr	O	I 'd left him only this morning , yet I missed Aidan 's fire so much .
tr	O	The sheets were soft and the pillows were fluffy .
va	O	Her heart kept telling her to not be scared but her mind told her the opposite .
va	O	The printout had nicely narrowed down the possibilities , and as expected , none had the name Dermot .
va	O	The Inquisitor looked as if she 'd taken a step forward on solid ground and it had collapsed under her feet .
tr	O	He made no mention of my embarrassing gaffe and I wasn 't about to bring it up .
tr	O	Thomas hated to admit it , but the hope that they were just missing something from a distance had faded away .
tr	O	Maya 's gaze didn 't waver and soon John was forced to look away .
tr	O	He opened the door , and they crept inside .
tr	O	It wasn 't disrespectful , and it wasn 't negative .
tr	O	These thugs you talked about at the hospital , and the man you identified by his photo could have been a convenient cover for you .
tr	O	He let out a howl and in the process let go of my arm .
tr	O	Jill wasn 't ugly , but she wasn 't remarkable either .
tr	O	Malcolm 's warm hand pulled me forward , and I stumbled in the dark .
tr	O	The way that he 's claiming me makes me feel claustrophobic , and I put my hand to my ribs , gasping for breath .
tr	O	Yes , you are supposed to be investigating a murder , and I am running a company .
tr	O	The door to the walk-in closet was open and her eyebrows rose as she peeked into it .
tr	O	He would have gone in a heartbeat , but Lily was at risk , not Ryland .
tr	O	I 'd been planning on continuing anyway , but it made me happy that Josh had to go now too .
tr	O	He wouldn 't let her go until he was ready and he had the superior strength to do what he wanted .
va	O	Thomas hadn 't thought of that for some reason , but the thought of it didn 't make him feel anymore at ease .
tr	O	When she ended the call , it was just before midnight , and I really had felt a little better for a few minutes .
tr	O	I try to smile , but I know it won 't be possible for me to maintain this faade for the rest of the evening .
tr	O	My head is spinning and there is nothing I want more than to get out of there .
tr	O	It was a close call , but Will drove two runs in during the eighth , edging us ahead .
tr	O	When I looked at her eyes , I didn 't notice that one kind of drooped but it wasn 't noticeable until someone pointed it out .
tr	O	Brick had brought out the mirror again , and she turned to it , staring at her reflection .
tr	O	He 'd always enjoyed poker , but today was the first time he hadn 't minded losing .
te	O	They communicated , but a few months ago their relationship became somewhat more than casual .
tr	O	Verlaine turned from her locker , at first merely blase , but her expression shifted into concern as Nadia pushed toward her .
tr	O	Ashish was watching her face and his mischievous self grabbed a chance .
tr	O	T.J. was not going to approve , and I hoped to God he didn 't ask why I 'd chosen those words .
tr	O	Once he was sure he was safe , he dismissed the lava and it sunk into the ground like water .
tr	O	The boats might go west but they would never go home .
tr	O	Ari had bought it for him this morning on their stroll around the shops and Theo wore it proudly .
tr	O	The shadow it cast made Frost 's skin look grey for a moment , and it frightened me .
tr	O	I don 't really do much in the way of fine arts myself , but I like that world .
tr	O	She wanted to cry , but she was too numb .
tr	O	I wasn 't in the mood to argue with Josie , and I could almost feel the heat from her truck cab .
tr	O	His sword sheared a church soldier almost in half , but the man in the red tunic did not even flinch .
tr	O	Jack might want to abandon her , but he wouldn 't leave his boat .
tr	O	You think you have them pinned down and they squirt away .
va	O	She waved as Asher and I left the restaurant .
va	O	Jack ordered the finest local wine available and they toasted the future .
tr	O	There was a low growl coming from Phillip and I got the impression he wasn 't happy with George asking Trudy questions .
tr	O	The essence was long gone from his tongue , and his fangs had slid back into place .
tr	O	I try to bury it by biting my lip but it doesn 't work .
tr	O	His ruling was confirmed in 2009 by the Fourth Circuit , and the case is now headed for the U.S. Supreme Court .
tr	O	They passed him around like a group of children playing with a ball , and there wasn 't room for another player in their little game .
tr	O	You 'll probably tell someone in Columbia , and the whole thing will come crashing down on me .
tr	O	The question seems innocent , but I 've lived near the ocean long enough to know that unseen currents lurk beneath the surface .
tr	O	Sarah wasn 't ready for James to die , but she knew that didn 't matter , either , if it was time .
tr	O	He had that right and he likely didn 't even know how right he was .
va	O	Her head was swimming and she felt off balance .
tr	O	Well , I 'm not so good with twisting around languages , but I can tell you this straight up .
tr	O	Several natural tunnels led off of the chamber , and a small rope ladder hung from the bottom of the rift to facilitate going back up .
tr	O	It was more comforting than in any way romantic , but Clary still felt as if she had stumbled on a private moment .
tr	O	Which , of course , she was , but Gavin didn 't want to think about that right now .
tr	O	He didn 't like being called a dummy but he let it go .
tr	O	I walk past all of them to the stall at the end of the aisle , and there is Corr .
tr	O	You don 't have to tell me your name , but I wonder if you could tell me what you are .
tr	O	Rachel swallowed painfully , seeing what he was about to do and she panicked .
tr	O	My eyes blinked , adjusting to the darkness , and a line of bubbles floated from my mouth .
va	O	We just figure out what needs to be done and we do it for each other .
tr	O	His gaze flitted to me and his smile faded .
va	O	Abbey was in Melbourne and he was in Sydney .
te	O	We might want to drop by a few more villages , but I don 't think it 'll be necessary .
tr	O	The house , in the late sun , was immensely quiet , and he wondered where Neil was .
tr	O	A neurosis itself can 't kill you but it can lead you to extreme self-harm .
tr	O	A giddy exhilaration coursed through his veins , and he wondered how stupid he was being .
tr	O	shouted one of the onlookers , and a resounding cheer echoed him .
tr	O	It was a simple question but there was no simple answer .
tr	O	I assume the man is his father , and I am struck with a pang of jealousy so sharp I clutch my chest .
tr	O	You haven 't gone down there and you haven 't been able to contact them .
tr	O	At first there was nothing , but then she heard the familiar soft rhythm of his heart beating .
tr	O	I shook my head , realizing I hadn 't been intentionally watching where she was going , but I knew exactly where she was all the same .
tr	O	The chain was now broken , but the charm was the exact twin of the one that dangled from her left wrist .
tr	O	I turned my head towards him as I lifted it off of the table and he had turned solemn on me .
tr	O	Starting over in life and seeking a story .
va	O	Suzy rebelled from early on , and they clashed at every turn .
tr	O	The clock ticked on and Nash didn 't return .
tr	O	There 's a little boy , about twelve I suppose , but the rest of us are girls .
te	O	His arm was still around me , and I didn 't want to move .
tr	O	The fire got louder and small explosions were going off inside the building .
te	O	The nobles laughed , and the scene faded .
tr	O	He had offered to help me get the capri pants off , but that made me feel like I was going to vomit again .
tr	O	Nobody knows , but it can 't be soon enough .
tr	O	She 'd never cared this much about a job before , but something in the boy 's dark eyes haunted her .
va	O	His heart was beating quickly , but his mind was strangely blank .
tr	O	I had to divide my heart into two pieces , and there was no mending that .
tr	O	Suddenly my hands were free , and I drew a finger down his face .
va	O	He had asked Cliff the same thing a little earlier , but Rodney seemed to be more open with information , even if he was still heartless .
te	O	Jack was obviously terrified , but he stood his ground .
tr	O	We 'd been seeing each other for a few months when we walked by the gymnasium and Marty suggested we try out the swing dance club .
tr	O	He shuddered under my touch , and I felt powerful .
tr	O	Her eyes nearly popped out of their sockets and she looked at Caroline , bewildered .
tr	O	Maybe some of what Leanne said was plausible , but Claire couldn 't accept that Alana had left them .
tr	O	Her tongue met his eagerly , and her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders .
tr	O	She doubted he would be willing to do it but she might as well ask .
tr	O	Smiling at his own bit of whimsy , he went to retrieve it , but his hand halted just shy of closing around it .
te	O	You 're not around that much , and I know you 're not working all the time .
tr	O	I knew this was my parent 's doing , and I was never going to forgive them for caring more about control than my well-being .
tr	O	I never try to separate the memories from the dreams and I don 't like bringing it up ... because I just don 't need to .
tr	O	Mom came back downstairs at the sound of the door and I stopped her .
tr	O	We were all dressed severely in black , and we looked displaced among the House 's holiday decorations .
tr	O	We were both sweating now from the dancing , and I could see in her eyes a determination that bio class had never , ever elicited .
tr	O	My eyes darted to Este , catching my mistake but he only smiled .
va	O	I know we need to have time to become friends , but I 'm not going to deny what I feel already .
tr	O	It was moving fast , and its face was completely concealed by a hoodie .
tr	O	Their lips touched and their mouths opened .
tr	O	Makeup covered her face in an attempt to cover her age and she wore long dangly earrings that hung to her shoulder .
tr	O	Danger is so close and they don 't know .
tr	O	He recognized it instantly , but he refused to believe what he was seeing .
tr	O	The flow of the water was fast and it was muddy .
va	O	I say , and she silences .
tr	O	He caught me , like he was expecting me and in the next moment his mouth was on mine .
tr	O	I 'd seen Emerson 's body on the news , but that wasn 't enough .
tr	O	Two of them cornered me last night for a talk , and I walked away with the feeling that they want me to slip up again .
tr	O	I couldn 't put the photo down and I simply kept staring at it .
tr	O	The other horses were all ready for her attention as well and she took Ginger out next .
te	O	I announce and that seems to re-energize everyone .
tr	O	She had been picturing big brother as a girl , and he certainly didn 't look like a scaly snake .
tr	O	I slapped him on the arm , but I didn 't mind the cheeky smile .
va	O	She was a lot older than me , but she lived in my neighborhood .
tr	O	I knew he was joking , but I filled up with fear .
te	O	To tear down the empire ... and make the entire world his .
va	O	Shade jumped out of the line of fire with good time to spare and the wave of force hit the creatures carrying them through the main doors .
tr	O	Nick 's voice was soothing , but it seemed so far away .
tr	O	Luckily the water was still running and the towels in the bathroom closet were clean .
tr	O	I could have pushed him too far to go back , and that thought makes the words start rushing out of my mouth again .
te	O	There was a delicate way to put this , and there was devastating way .
te	O	The damn tears prick my eyes again , and I just start shaking my head , incapable of any other response .
tr	O	They 're not immediately life-threatening , but you should have a doctor see to them .
va	O	The moon was high and she had not turned on any lights .
tr	O	His hand was extended , and he was waving her over .
tr	O	He had rough features , his face bearing a few scars , and his hair was cut very short , like a military haircut .
tr	O	He stroked her bare back with his thumb and she shivered .
tr	O	My voice caught , but I pressed on .
tr	O	I called back again and this time she answered .
tr	O	His face relaxed , and his voice was calmer when he spoke .
tr	O	The play provided a platform to talk about these issues buried deep within them and some of it came out in anger .
tr	O	Her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
tr	O	The mall closed two hours earlier and there were only a few other cars in the lot .
tr	O	I squint my eyes and that helps my vision .
tr	O	It wasn 't the most artful kiss he 'd ever received but the simple sweetness of it seared him to the bone .
tr	O	Several of them ended up on Kiran 's desk , and I observed his smug smirk after he read each of them .
tr	O	I said in a sharp tone , clearly hurting her feelings , but I ignored the wounded look on her face .
tr	O	I told him about how I 've lost something , and he said , ' Be lucky you can find it .
tr	O	Dawn leapt at him , but he sensed where she was .
tr	O	I wish that I had more control , but I cannot be alone like that , not ever again .
tr	O	I wanted to scream in pain but my throat wouldn 't allow it .
te	O	Wishing otherwise , they 'd soon have their answer , and it would come in a form that none could have been predicted .
tr	O	She wasn 't friendly like Ula , but she didn 't scare me either .
te	O	He pulls on a cord and the balloon stops rising , then slowly begins a descent back to earth .
tr	O	They walked out of the hotel , and when Rooster went left , they went right .
tr	O	He pushed the glass towards Alice 's hands , but they were shaking too much to hold it .
tr	O	His eyes dropped to my hand , but he didn 't pull free .
tr	O	I kept waiting for him to stop , but he didn 't .
tr	O	There was too much of her to take in at once , and my eyes were everywhere , trying to drink in every detail .
tr	O	Dad 's footsteps thumped around the corner , and I tried pulling at Mom 's coat .
va	O	Gio had opened his mouth to answer , but the little girl was already speaking again .
tr	O	You haven 't had a drink tonight , and I 'm in no hurry to say goodbye after dinner .
te	O	She was doing amazingly well , considering her track record , but the strain was taking its toll .
tr	O	She doubted it , but what was she going to do ?
tr	O	Mayor Gherkin handed Jeremy the ring , and Lexie gave him one as well .
va	O	Nikolas ducked and the beam smashed into the tank .
tr	O	Please help me help him with this transformation , and we thank You for Your love for us .
tr	O	The girls all wish we could recruit him for our team , but I don 't think that has anything to do with softball .
tr	O	Louisa 's fists moved again , and Fellows grabbed her flailing hands .
tr	O	They most certainly thought me extraordinary , but I still didn 't understand why .
tr	O	Any moment the demons would come , and I would beg them for death .
tr	O	Now he 's in Thailand because smoke is better there -- at least so he says -- and he has tattoos on his chest .
tr	O	She gasped and he made an apologetic wave of his hand as he rose from the couch .
va	O	Someone had spied on them , killed his mate , and Bill had left .
tr	O	She 'd once dreamed of having her own place , but the timing had never seemed right .
va	O	He had won second place with that project , to his surprise , but he still had thought the idea was stupid .
tr	O	She suddenly turned somewhat pale but she managed to conceal it .
va	O	He was on his feet again , outside and breathing the fresh air of his illuminated Underworld .
tr	O	She was a scientist and she needed proof of his theory .
tr	O	I told Atticus as Alita and I made stepping noises as if we 'd walked away .
tr	O	Deborah was ill-tempered even before her parents ' death , and after it she became completely unmanageable .
tr	O	My sister had a thing for flamingos , and they were everywhere .
tr	O	I was curious what that might be , but the walk back took all my concentration .
tr	O	Occasional groans could be heard but the general tone was a positive one .
te	O	I did these things for years , but they were infinitely irksome to me , for I knew it was all hopeless .
tr	O	At first she was too surprised to kiss him back , but his touch sparked a heat that rose within her .
tr	O	He thought he 'd lost his mother in the flood but she came to find him .
tr	O	I scooted up on the bed after kicking off my shoes , and Robin did the same .
tr	O	I didn 't like the ruse , but I could think of no reason not to go .
tr	O	That made no sense to her and she wasn 't even going to waste time trying to force it to make sense either .
tr	O	I can 't place him , though , and my mind scans through all my classes at school .
tr	O	I remembered what she had said about how Salina had watched her drown - and the pleasure the elemental had taken in it .
tr	O	A few minutes had passed and the beams of lightning subsided .
tr	O	Some branches creaked from my weight , but nothing broke .
tr	O	Her door closed softly , and Fred cleared his throat .
tr	O	I have always wanted to visit it since it opened , but it 's expensive getting in .
tr	O	She knew he wasn 't a local and she knew he wouldn 't be welcomed .
te	O	I 'd seen him have fits of writer 's block when we dated , but it never lasted more than a few days .
tr	O	It wouldn 't make sense , and the very thought was unsettling .
tr	O	I don 't know what happened , but it sounds like she was attacked .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped , and her eyes widened .
tr	O	I heard her walking toward me and I shuddered .
tr	O	The door opens and Kyla springs into action , aiming to kill .
te	O	Pete waved his hand , and they sat back down .
va	O	He hadn 't lived there in a while , and he hadn 't wanted to return , ever .
te	O	Anna stared down this row and instead of narrow shelves it was lined with statues like this one .
tr	O	Sure , it had hurt when they 'd broken off their relationship , but in the end it just wasn 't meant to be .
va	O	Jane started to type , but Sebastian took over again .
tr	O	Our forever mark , but it 's gone .
tr	O	His eyes pleaded with me and I felt my heart melt .
tr	O	There are only we two , and we are vulnerable .
tr	O	There are no helpful updates on the television , but the alley seems as thick with refugees as the previous morning .
tr	O	I didn 't think I 'd hit him that hard , but he sure as hell wasn 't in a hurry to get up .
va	O	He put an arm out to Nicole , and she slid up against him as if she had been made to fit at his side .
tr	O	It was too dark to see his features clearly but I was fairly certain it was nobody I knew .
tr	O	Kylie frowned , and just like that , all the frustration from earlier landed on her shoulders with a big thump .
tr	O	He had always thought Ms. Roberts was single , but maybe he was wrong .
tr	O	If I wanted to , I could give this guy an ass whooping , but I wouldn 't do it because obviously Mia saw something in him .
tr	O	There is a split second , where his eyes widen , almost with shock , and his face splits open in a grin -- then laughter .
tr	O	It must have happened when I slit his throat with the carving knife as he lay there , and the blood gushed all over the place .
tr	O	I could see , but everything was blurry .
tr	O	His soft breath fell upon her cheek and she looked down to hide her blush .
tr	O	Dust covered the front of my shirt and the coins were scattered all around me .
tr	O	There was a cry of alarm from below , and the young men drew slightly back , out of detritus range .
tr	O	Gregor could imagine any number of similar scenarios , but as he lay awake that night , he knew he didn 't believe any of them .
tr	O	An eternity passed for him , but slowly he felt as he regained his self control .
tr	O	The skin around her face grew loose as the swelling dissipated and her eyes were finally capable of opening all of the way .
te	O	His legs were broken , but he would walk again .
tr	O	One time a game went to nineteen innings , and they had to finish it the next day .
tr	O	Alex was a bit difficult to deal with sometimes since he was ex-military , but he knew what he was doing .
te	O	My house was on a well with its own pump , and my whole house generator was in perfect working order as I always maintained it .
va	O	She was still buzzing about the dance and they 'd apparently been talking about it .
tr	O	Katie scowled at him , but then her face brightened .
tr	O	He 'd drunk enough wine until the pain of it had dissipated some , but still those stupid wind sprites had been around him .
tr	O	He hadn 't been around so many Christians since he was a kid , and the experience had been overwhelming .
tr	O	She hadn 't told her friends about Jordan yet , but maybe she should .
tr	O	There was one thing that was more important than anything to the Andretti clan and that was family obligations .
tr	O	The north fell behind them and the west promised endless ice .
va	O	His frown dug in deeper , and we had a tense moment where we just stared at each other without speaking .
tr	O	Her eyes flicked to mine again when she said that and I could tell then , that she believed it too .
tr	O	She went to stand and I grabbed her hand .
tr	O	I landed funny and the front , here , was all messed up .
tr	O	Alma was trying to understand him as Anika never did , but he could still only think about Anika .
tr	O	The rumor was started , and nothing could stop it .
va	O	If you have problems understanding anything let me know and we will work closely together until you catch up .
tr	O	Seeing Kenneth today convinced me of that , but I don 't want you to ever be bitter about anything we shared .
tr	O	It all had to be ready before I go to work , and I go to work ... now .
tr	O	It was cold so close to the lake , and the air smelled rancid .
va	O	Quickly she wiped it away , and then the carriage stopped .
tr	O	They needed him , and they needed me .
tr	O	Her face turned red and she grabbed at Bob 's arm , attempting to pry his grip away from her airway .
tr	O	His foot caught on a table leg , and his head cracked into one of the bookcases , rattling the stone models on the shelves .
tr	O	Mrs. Grant looked at each of them in turn , and then just walked away to rouse her own men .
tr	O	He could be some creepy stalker , and then he 'd have her address .
tr	O	She wanted to know what had happened to make him afraid of his own brother -- but she was too scared to hear the answer .
tr	O	I 'm on indefinite compassionate leave , and my absence is being covered .
tr	O	The approval in his voice warmed her and that frightened her .
va	O	I decided to look for myself and here I am .
tr	O	He 'd clung tightly to Mandy for two days , and his thighs in particular had rubbed against her skin whenever she 'd made a sudden move .
tr	O	Students talk in concentrated clumps on the grass surrounding the stage , and my eyes are drawn to a pair of guys fighting a hazy ninja .
tr	O	Of course , we know now that this course of action was wrong , but it 's what they wanted to do .
tr	O	You 'll have full access to our computers on the base and you 're free to do any personal legwork you can do .
tr	O	I slapped a palm over my mouth and my eyes went wide with embarrassment .
tr	O	Misty couldn 't help feeling she had been so selfish with her prayers , and the loss of loved ones were her penance for her sins .
tr	O	This all seems off-topic but it 's absolutely not .
tr	O	Pain radiated through the side of my face , but somehow , I managed to gather my senses .
tr	O	She thought it was most likely guy number one , but it could have been guy number two .
tr	O	Verity was feeling quite cold as she removed her parka , and the chill was not a result of the villa 's lousy heating system .
tr	O	Mitchell 's mouth opened again but this time no words emerged .
tr	O	She always knows what to say to someone and she can make you laugh no matter what .
tr	O	Calliope tilted her head , and I held my breath .
tr	O	Her name had been Nichole , and she had been the love of Arden 's life .
tr	O	I pushed again and I saw the trigger on the trap jiggle .
tr	O	They were exchanging ideas again , and I didn 't like it .
tr	O	From behind each door came a reluctant groan but she soon heard the sounds of the twins preparing for the day ahead .
te	O	The line about how without Skye he would die makes me want to laugh , but I manage to hold it in .
tr	O	There was baying in the night , and it was accompanied by a bugle .
tr	O	She sat down with her wine and I brought out the shrimp scampi .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and her thighs eased apart .
tr	O	This was useless and I felt like a fool .
tr	O	Sydney 's face grew grave , and for the first time , I truly paid attention to the conditions we were in .
tr	O	I feel guilty for eavesdropping , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	My muscles still weren 't responding very well , though , and I was only able to raise myself a little bit .
tr	O	For a moment she felt the gnawing regret that her own family was still in that terrible place , but she shook off the feeling .
tr	O	I feel a little bad about abandoning him to their clutches , but at least he 'll get tea out of it .
tr	O	She reached down and he licked her hands as she ruffled his fur .
te	O	It was easy to tell they were brothers , but they were also very different .
tr	O	Her lips twisted and a somber look passed her .
tr	O	He pushed my thighs open , and the light in his eyes got brighter .
tr	O	It looked more like a stop on a historical tour rather than a concert venue , but that 's the thing about Charleston .
va	O	Her heart was going crazy and her breath refused to enter her lungs .
tr	O	I reluctantly placed my coffee , of which I still hadn 't had a sip , on the counter , and then I raised my hands .
tr	O	Her eyes flashed to Shifter again , and her claws came out .
tr	O	He started laughing , and she cracked up .
tr	O	yelled the talented showman , and the audience gave a little chuckle .
te	O	He knelt down and by the look on his face I knew there was something wrong .
tr	O	The ones who knew him by reputation frowned , and the ones who didn 't wore curious expressions .
tr	O	I really didn 't want to reveal all of Noah 's private confessions , but I also wanted Lana to like him .
tr	O	When I press the B button , a tiny green light illuminates and the doors close .
va	O	She had known going into this meeting that he would fight her on this , but she had had to try .
tr	O	Zed did , but neither was thrilled with the idea .
tr	O	A bitter wind rolled over them , but his sweater provided more than enough protection with the added heat of being this close to her .
tr	O	She was still apprehensive , but at least this time she had some idea what to do .
tr	O	His muscled body let out a gush of air and he hit the ground with a thud .
va	O	The guest unsealed her mouth to reply , but an equally alluring young man stepped near .
tr	O	Leopards are one of the smallest wildcats , even among Shifters , but they 're the most dominant .
tr	O	I don 't know what I had been expecting , but the ballroom blew me away .
te	O	Just as I contemplate going over , someone tickles my ribs from behind and I almost break an ankle jumping in my clown heels .
va	O	Lucas shivered , and I didn 't think it was because of the cold .
tr	O	I wanted him there , but I wasn 't about to piss him off by saying it .
te	O	Our conversation downshifts to basketball , and we start swapping big-game stories .
te	O	The lights from an oncoming car illuminate us and I see the blood drain from his face .
tr	O	They had contingencies in place , but as the end neared , the Messenger began to worry .
tr	O	The crazy man was crouched by that post again , and he was still jerking on his chain .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his ghosts , but they were obviously real to him .
va	O	He lunged forward to grab Bastian , but it was already too late .
tr	O	I waited for clarification , but his answer was complete .
va	O	The heavy end of the club hit the ground , and Amara seized the long club 's grip as it bounded toward her .
tr	O	Gale comes up behind me and we examine each other 's reflection .
tr	O	Joe went to the doctor for a stress test and everything was normal , which was a big relief .
tr	O	My arms screamed in agony and I could feel the cuffs of my chains working slowly into the skin of my wrists .
tr	O	She glanced up at me through her eyelashes , and I realized that she was the kind of girl who enjoyed competing for a boy 's attention .
va	O	They laid the wooden shell into the deep pit as Catalina sobbed and Claudio held her .
tr	O	I know you 've sworn off girls since Lisa died , but I 'm beginning to wonder .
tr	O	I 'm the oldest and I feel responsible for the others .
tr	O	I didn 't know for certain if that had been him at the airport , but it was a pretty good guess .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but I need to find justice for them .
te	O	The door swung mostly closed behind them , and the roar of the music receded .
tr	O	She 's crazy about you , Gage , and I 'll be the first person to say I 'm glad .
te	O	He knocked the knife out of her hands , and she heard it hit the wall a few feet away .
tr	O	It seems Dr. McBride and I will get on just fine .
tr	O	He ducked , and it burst into thousands of burning sparks that went out as quickly as they exploded .
tr	O	Then the video cut out , and the room went dark again .
tr	O	He had no idea why he was so emotionally moved by her , but it was powerful .
tr	O	He didn 't know , but he 'd let her change the subject since he was equally interested in what she had to say about Sam .
tr	O	It promptly bounced to the ground , but she did not care .
tr	O	Her eyes were clamped shut again and her face was screwed up as though she were trying to wish the man away .
tr	O	It was fine to leave Jonesy here , but the overgrown pilot wouldn 't last long .
tr	O	His dark hair was shorter than he used to wear it but it suited his handsome , angular face .
tr	O	She looked down at the tiny , serious face , and this time her heart swelled , blooming until it nearly filled her chest .
tr	O	I didn 't , but now I do .
tr	O	His body shaking lessens , and I wonder if this is all he needs to make it better .
tr	O	Cash asks and I laugh .
te	O	Noel saw from the facial expression that the major was about to unload , but in good Allied cooperation mode , he held it in .
tr	O	Didn 't sound like he was a threat , but he definitely looked like one .
tr	O	Tegan handed me her supplies and I crept over to where Fade sat , propped against the wall .
tr	O	I shook his shoulders , but there was no movement .
tr	O	I retrieved it and this opened up .
tr	O	That 's all it took , and I was hers .
tr	O	We don 't sight any demons and hope begins to grow .
te	O	I didn 't want to swallow any more salt water , and I didn 't want to expend my energy trying to communicate with her .
tr	O	He smiles again and I smile back .
tr	O	I tried to warn him again to use caution with his magic , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	O	His eyes briefly slid shut and he ground out one word .
tr	O	I wanted to say as much , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	His room might be on the complete opposite side of the house from my room , sure , but it was something .
va	O	I always felt so guilty when Denny touched me while I was thinking about Kellan , and lately , I was usually thinking about Kellan .
te	O	Any other woman would start out being a friend , doing me a favor , but then she would start secretly hoping , hinting .
tr	O	She usually required little , but she realized that she had nothing in the house suitable to offer guests .
va	O	What came out was more of a growl but she stuck to her guns about the pain .
tr	O	It didn 't quite fit the music but he seemed to have caught the rhythm .
tr	O	My throat is suddenly young like Ruth , and though the car is freezing , I do not even feel the cold .
tr	O	Ever since he 'd moved next door he 'd been annoying the heck out of her and now it would have to stop .
va	O	Denny had gotten directions on the way over and we easily found Pete 's bar .
tr	O	Call me old-fashioned , but I need more .
tr	O	I knew you 'd forgive me , and I 'm glad I did it .
tr	O	I reach down to ease the phone out of his hand , but he pulls it away .
tr	O	It was cold too , really cold , and the difference was extreme , like when you step from a hot bath onto a tiled floor .
tr	O	Main Street had that same Norman Rockwell ambience , and here it was so strong that it was almost a feeling of deja vu .
tr	O	Luke 's voice interrupted my reverie and I felt him poking my arm .
tr	O	A few minutes later Robert felt a large mug being placed in his hands and the strong smell of coffee enveloped him .
tr	O	So far , no records of who 's attending , but I 'm still looking .
tr	O	It might seem silly , but Sam opening his hot dog stand was one of the most important events this city had seen in ten years .
te	O	I could help you so much and I wouldn 't slow you down .
tr	O	I felt my eyes well up and my breath quicken .
va	O	I missed it , of course , but I 'd cope for a night .
tr	O	The temperature had hardly climbed out of the single digits and the wind hadn 't let up all day .
tr	O	She raised her mug , tapped it against his , and they drank .
tr	O	The corridor on the other side of the door was dark and Jared 's eyes took some time to adjust to the gloom .
tr	O	Soon they passed the halfway point , and Winston 's anxieties began to moderate .
tr	O	He knew then that he could do this with her , even release into her as needed , and he began to relax .
te	O	He wanted to help her , but he understood it was pointless .
te	O	Terrance tried to jerk his leg free , but the Flannel Man didn 't let go .
tr	O	Peter knew he could capitalise on her admiration but he never felt comfortable when money was behind it .
tr	O	She picked him up several hours ago , and he was very happy to see her .
tr	O	It was an action she seemed to appreciate , and she kissed him back on the lips .
te	O	She let him take it , and for a precious brief moment , they walked as lovers under the twinkling stars at the end of the world .
tr	O	There was a large sink and Steven had recently purchased a new stove .
tr	O	By now those of the Red had fully entered the battle , and although they outnumbered the enemy of the East it was a hard-fought battle .
te	O	I had plenty of money to float us for as long as necessary , but I hated sitting around , doing nothing all day .
te	O	He had thought about following him but that would be unwise .
tr	O	Balthazar grinned , showing off the dimple in his chin again , but then we both heard Courtney 's laugh , not far away .
tr	O	Eventually he opened the hand just enough to release a crinkled piece of paper , and we all gathered around curiously to see what it was .
tr	O	She got to her feet , and I could hear her laughing to herself as she walked out the door .
tr	O	Dig a little deeper though , and you realize kids view a BB gun as a stepping stone .
tr	O	I didn 't like being naked , but honestly that was the least of my problems .
tr	O	Then Matthias was kissing me , and I knew that whatever happened after today would be would be okay .
tr	O	We don 't have a horse for you yet , but you are welcome to use any in the king 's stables .
tr	O	The detective knows about you and he should be around tonight .
va	O	Auron saw his eyes and they looked drained .
tr	O	I already told you about my protective instincts towards you and I think that might have to do with the stuff you told me earlier today .
tr	O	His hair was as dark as a raven 's wing and his eyes were a vivid blue .
tr	O	He was twenty-eight years old , and he 'd achieved next to nothing in his life .
tr	O	It was a large village , and he estimated there were more than fifty warriors .
tr	O	someone screamed , and like a wave , everyone dropped to the ground as a fireball the size of a volleyball shot through the air .
tr	O	Her eyes flashed fire , but she let him assist her the rest of the way .
tr	O	Julia smiled as I kissed her on the cheek and I shook Jake 's hand .
tr	O	She 'd earned his respect and he 'd earned her trust .
tr	O	The tension in the room was unbearable , but the waiting was worse .
tr	O	I could hear the pain laced in his words and I didn 't have to ask what he meant .
tr	O	The bridge did seem solid , and it couldn 't hurt to try he supposed .
tr	O	The strange rigid smile had disappeared from his face and his eyes darted relentlessly , more unstable than before .
tr	O	Fiona opened her mouth , but no words came out .
tr	O	It was a cute sound and she looked cute doing it .
tr	O	Her gifts were good , but it 's nothing like the e-reader .
tr	O	It won 't be a big deal , and if it is , maybe we just won 't work together .
tr	O	The car starts to shake , and I lose it .
tr	O	He held up what he carried and Dean began to laugh .
tr	O	The shelling continued all the way to the next day , when the enemy walls were near collapse , but then disaster struck .
tr	O	She held up her hands and he stopped walking .
va	O	Which would have been fitting if he had ordered it so , but in fact he had no idea how it had been done .
tr	O	Following that moment of relaxation came a rush of energy and I felt like I was soaring up , up , up to the stars .
tr	O	Her favorite sniper rifle lay waiting , and she checked it out of habit .
tr	O	My mouth pops open with a million questions , but before I can ask any of them , Ethan appears by my side .
tr	O	He pressed forward and I inched away .
tr	O	Like the memory is there , but I can 't retrieve it .
tr	O	There was my old Super Nintendo system sitting in the corner , but that would net me at the most a couple hundred dollars .
tr	O	She shoved him , and he stumbled back .
tr	O	Byron knew when someone was scared - and though McKenzie was obviously irritated , she was also afraid .
tr	O	Shock rippled through me , and it was followed very closely by thick dread .
tr	O	Her ass was stinging and her clit was throbbing for attention .
tr	O	He taught her to do several dances worthy of any hoe down and Monika started laughing at the fun she was having .
te	O	As he 'd just pointed out to Fiji , Bobo was a grown-up , and he could handle himself .
tr	O	Her belly ached and her muscles trembled .
tr	O	She was phenomenally strong and she swept him aside easily .
tr	O	She tried to return the empty box , but he wouldn 't take it .
tr	O	It was too dark to see but it gave her something to focus on .
tr	O	She still wanted not to believe it , but she had a terrible sinking feeling .
tr	O	Ellen frowned at me , but she didn 't protest .
te	O	They were obviously a couple and they were covering something up .
va	O	She fired a furious look on Garrett and he just glared right back .
tr	O	That wasn 't very long ago but it feels like it now .
va	O	Alarm shot through him and he looked up for a medical responder .
tr	O	There were only a dozen dragons in his wing , and he brought no presents that year .
tr	O	She didn 't think he intended to keep their marriage a secret , yet he hadn 't made a point of introducing her around , either .
tr	O	Jordan wanted to stay , but he read the determination in Kai 's eyes .
tr	O	They may be protectors , but Rhona was family .
va	O	Lionel 's head snapped back , and he staggered against the wall .
tr	O	He missed , and the shiny cylinder banged across the linoleum .
tr	O	His hands lift up above his head , glorifying the valley , and when he lowers his hands to his sides , clouds appear in the heavens .
tr	O	I take a step back and he glances at me again .
tr	O	Dallas said she was back in The Program , and my only way to deal with that was to stop thinking about her .
va	O	The economy was not working in favors of the local farmers and times were hard .
va	O	Her parents would have preferred an Ivy League education if she were going to leave , but Devon hadn 't gotten into the Big Three .
tr	O	Thomas had less to tell us in that area , but it was still a wealth of information .
tr	O	Lightning struck and he was gone .
tr	O	It was very cool in here out of the sun , and it seemed to have an atmosphere all of its own .
tr	O	Several tendrils of mist twined around her fingers , but he knew she also encountered a solid wall .
tr	O	Princess started to lay down on her back in a submissive posture and they started to play like they were puppies again .
tr	O	Devon opened his mouth to protest Julian 's statement , but he snapped it quickly closed .
tr	O	The guard fell against the others and all of them lost their aim before Gaia disappeared into decorative topiary .
tr	O	Elijah is not asking the question he wants to ask , but Julia picks up on it anyway .
va	O	She let out a howl and her body tightened against me .
te	O	I nearly thought I 'd sprout a tail of something , but I still had my two legs , swimming back up .
tr	O	Her headache only grew worse , but when she reached the top , she forgot about fatigue , forgot about pain .
tr	O	His hair was combed over his spotted head , and his suspenders were keeping up loose-fitting pants .
tr	O	He was right , and I knew it .
tr	O	Maddy told us not to say a word , but surely it cannot be a secret now .
tr	O	The tables were set , but most waited empty .
tr	O	Today was a draining day ... and by draining , I don 't simply mean the emotional kind .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure who he was talking to , but it didn 't sound good for us .
tr	O	Rick 's schedule often brought him to Seattle , but he rarely had time to see her .
tr	O	A bag with clear liquid hung from one of them , but the other had thick red liquid .
tr	O	I wondered whether Nance had gotten away , and if so , where she had gone over the side .
tr	O	Her gravestone 's in my heart , though , and I 'm sure it 'll always be there .
tr	O	The sound of a horn lifted through him , and he ran faster .
tr	O	Joan cannot see this but she can feel the cogs spinning in his head .
tr	O	There are people crammed into a small living room and the furniture has been pushed out of the way .
tr	O	A hand clamped around her arm and she damn near jumped out of her skin .
tr	O	Preston considered the possibility that Vince might have installed an elaborate security system after Joanie moved out , but it wasn 't likely .
tr	O	He was tall and a liquid version of silver seemed to trickle down the side of his face .
tr	O	In fact , I 'm pretty sure it wasn 't drugs , but I think there was some kind of other deals going on .
tr	O	The door to Sara 's closet swished opened and she found herself face to face with an angry , ferocious warrior .
tr	O	I wish it weren 't true , but it is .
tr	O	I make the money quickly , and I enjoy it .
tr	O	The school yard was jammed with kids , and a string of vehicles queued in front , taking turns dropping off students .
tr	O	Violence , and I really liked that .
tr	O	She would kill , and it would feel so good .
tr	O	My gaze fell to the scalpel , and I cringed .
tr	O	He has a small smile on his face , but it 's nowhere close to bringing world peace .
tr	O	The pain was so intense , yet he couldn 't even cry out .
tr	O	The question had made them all laugh harder , and Lauren most of all .
tr	O	Zane 's lip curled and he narrowed his eyes .
tr	O	She doesn 't say it in the form of a question , but I answer anyway .
tr	O	I get the sense she 's more of a bird and I 'm a cute woodland creature with a furry tail .
tr	O	She might not want to be stuck in their shadows , but they were stil her best friends .
tr	O	I look both ways , but I don 't see him .
tr	O	I felt my face flush again and I bit my bottom lip to keep from grinning like an idiot .
tr	O	Our eyes lock together , and time seems to stop .
va	O	I walked over to the elevator just as they opened , and she stepped out with a big smile on her face .
tr	O	He looked at Aran and he gave him a slight nod .
tr	O	His face relaxed into a smile , but mine didn 't .
tr	O	He took my hand and we climbed together to the top of a steep bank .
tr	O	He inhaled and she could swear he looked sincere , even respectful .
tr	O	It was hanging from one of the joists like a great big flowery bat -- and it was empty .
tr	O	The gravity of earth 's mortal bonds pulled us down , down , down , and we have scarce recovered since .
tr	O	Braden used to , and half the guys in this house do as well .
tr	O	I thought she 'd been really interested , but maybe she just wanted to mess around .
tr	O	Likes to rough 'em up a bit , make a few threats , but if they do him for free , he leaves ' em alone .
te	O	Jared 's jaws worked under his skin , and he struggled to relax enough to speak to me in a calm voice .
tr	O	I couldn 't think , much less feel anything but the current of pure warmth pulsing in my veins .
tr	O	When the throng settled at last , she opened her eyes - and they reflected him , before gradually clearing .
tr	O	Garrett laughed at her playfulness , and she tried not to read into the edge in his voice .
tr	O	Dozens of questions buzz my head but I lock them away to feed my hunger .
tr	O	The sharp breeze nearly knocked her to her knees , and she hurriedly turned to discover Thomas surrounded in mist .
va	O	I didn 't like hiding things from her , but it would be cruel for her to know .
te	O	The hand was creeping downward , cupping my cheeks and my eyes rolled back in my head .
tr	O	The automatic glass doors went from floor to ceiling , and there was no one around to bar her way .
tr	O	She seemed faintly infused with that same pale blue light , but the absolutely white lock at her brow was not pale .
va	O	The table rocked from Joe 's useless efforts to escape and it looked as though one of the edge pieces of the puzzle was coming loose .
tr	O	I wasn 't really interested in much of anything , but I had agreed to go to college so I had to study something .
tr	O	It 's an herbicide and choppers would fly over the jungles spraying it on everything , just like a crop duster .
tr	O	We all voted on who had won each debate , and the loser had to take a shot of gin .
tr	O	She started to ask , but he cut her off .
te	O	You use your wits and you move damn fast , never letting him get the upper hand .
tr	O	It was funny how he disappeared and you came back .
tr	O	Claire kicked one away as she jumped in the passenger seat , and Michael locked the doors .
tr	O	Jamie cried out again , and then Chase 's control was lost .
tr	O	There is too much hate in the world , and they are working so hard to combat it .
tr	O	They fooled around in the shower and she 'd been late for work .
tr	O	He laughs , but I just stare at him .
tr	O	I felt a tingle in the air , and the bottle 's contents turned to gold .
tr	O	His hand became a fighter pilot flying into enemy territory , anticipating the shoot down , but it never came .
tr	O	The girl solider murmured that that was ok , but she also looked disgusted at what was happening .
te	O	It was apparent there was a lot floating around in her mind , but I wasn 't sure I wanted to know it all .
tr	O	Miss Black won 't give me another chance , and I don 't want one .
tr	O	Tears flood my eyes now and I let out a sob .
tr	O	I was just following orders and I didn 't look back .
va	O	See , now you know my family and you know we like to help people .
tr	O	Her voice cracked slightly and she tried to clear her throat .
va	O	The wound looked painful and I grimaced in empathy .
tr	O	The demon put its hands together , and a huge orb of fire appeared .
tr	O	The notion was sweet , but it did things to me that I didn 't quite understand .
tr	O	She 'd been careful not to wear a white shirt , but even the black couldn 't hide her reaction to him .
tr	O	I tried not to , and it 's insane .
tr	O	The enemy finally understood , but it was too late .
tr	O	Then he was standing on a strange , colorless plain , and there seemed to be statues all around him .
tr	O	He treaded water for the both of us , holding me up , and I marveled at his strength .
tr	O	The tether holding me to sanity broke , and the fever burned me with its rage .
tr	O	Why she lied to me , I can 't say , but I have no doubt of her absolute devotion to you .
tr	O	The boar had tusks now , small curling things , but I wasn 't afraid .
tr	O	He was a charming fellow , but it was clear that he had run on hard times .
tr	O	Behind her , someone called her name , but she didn 't turn around .
te	O	They 'd always been reclusive , but now were almost driven underground .
tr	O	They were friends , and Julia wasn 't at fault for this .
tr	O	I hadn 't even noticed Carly was here , but there she is , hunched over like she 's just been socked in the gut .
tr	O	It took a lot of self-control , but I didn 't slam the door as I left .
tr	O	He probably thought that I was mentally unbalanced , and I wasn 't sure I could argue against that theory successfully .
tr	O	His jaw clinched and his lips pursed together .
tr	O	I knew I had to get up , but I couldn 't remember why .
tr	O	I am about to refuse , but I really do need help .
tr	O	I happen to know you very well , and I happen to be in love with you .
tr	O	A few were wearing side arms , but all were wearing blue arm bands .
tr	O	It was a blow , but I tried to focus on the positives .
tr	O	He was taller than me though , and he caught up in no time .
tr	O	I 'm a lot more physically capable than most people , but that is too high of a jump even for me .
va	O	She tugged on her hand , but he wasn 't letting go .
tr	O	Not that the old man seemed to appreciate her , but Raina treated him like a friend .
tr	O	These people have grown up hunting in these mountains , and there 'll be some damn fine marksmen among them .
tr	O	The car sputtered , and the engine turned over .
tr	O	Natalia 's was high class , and Angelica 's was believably elegant .
tr	O	The door opened and the third MP stuck his head in .
va	O	He kept fighting with his foot but it wasn 't budging .
tr	O	He obeys and I hold my hands over the heat of the lamp .
te	O	She couldn 't help her weakening knees , or the emotions that were bubbling lose .
tr	O	The guests , however , began to laugh and Abigail joined them .
tr	O	She watched them go until they were gone , and then she spoke another word of sharp command .
tr	O	Margaret is currently employed part-time at a travel agency , but she 's never discussed her job with me .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but a majority of us captives had survived , a true wonder .
te	O	I wish there was something we could do , but there isn 't .
tr	O	she says , brushing back her hair , and I see her exasperation isn 't serious .
tr	O	Ashland knocked on my door a few minutes early , but thankfully I was ready to go .
tr	O	He crows with joy as he eases to a stop , and I reach across to grab Amar 's forearm .
tr	O	He knew he was overreacting , but he was hopeful they would buy into it .
tr	O	Just the axe 's head weighed more than me and my horse would have combined .
tr	O	At least that 's what a jury thought , but it 's different to know that you 've killed another human being .
tr	O	His voice rises on the last words , and his glare at Pete grows even fiercer .
va	O	Shards of pain speared up through her leg , into her hip and she winced .
tr	O	They were already cooled down , but the chocolate was still melted .
te	O	Chapter 8 Azalea didn 't think it was possible but she hated Halloween even more now .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and she went to answer it .
tr	O	That meant I could take Lucas in my arms , and we could share everything that our waking hours denied us .
tr	O	One date gone horribly wrong , and now he was being charming ?
tr	O	Get a bunch of them around a newspaper comic section and you might think you 're at a laugh fest .
te	O	He knows you aren 't a big carnivore , but for those among your group who are , he recommends sampling the bacon .
te	O	His logic was good , but he knew Tim was probably right .
va	O	He had little chance of surviving a battle with the Cane , and he knew it .
tr	O	Just add a stick through it , and I could have been a hobo .
tr	O	Couple that with his intense spiritual sensitivity and churches grew healthy under his pastoral care .
tr	O	The Plague was most certainly a grievous error , but it pales in comparison to what it has birthed into this reality .
tr	O	They keep coming , and we keep fighting .
tr	O	They lived in a modest log cabin , but he sensed they didn 't spend much time indoors .
tr	O	He shouldn 't have threatened her , and saying he would file for custody in order to take Bradley from her had been just that .
tr	O	Sweat trickled down her back , and she began to think that perhaps she had overdressed .
tr	O	Katie threw open the club door , and cold air blasted me in the face .
va	O	I put Butch down , and he went into the kitchen to see if there was any food in his dish .
tr	O	You agree to be mine , and you wear my ring , then no one else .
tr	O	I knew we 'd be awake most of the night after a kiss like that and I couldn 't wait to get back to more of that .
tr	O	Steve nodded , but he still looked worried .
tr	O	She was slender , and a streetlight caught her blond hair .
tr	O	The telephone rang early one morning and before I picked it up , I wondered what more bad news there could be .
tr	O	I had to watch her and my son grow old slowly .
va	O	Hannah followed hard on her heels , and Jessie brought up the rear .
tr	O	Vic 's eye snapped open , and he regarded Rory with a cold , suspicious glare .
te	O	I tore my eyes away from Pogo , and he barked as the door clicked shut .
tr	O	I maneuver over to the left , but he doesn 't fall for it , shadowing me in the opposite direction .
tr	O	He didn 't offer to help with the suitcase , but Grant carried it up the ladder as if it had been no heavier than a book .
tr	O	I 'm a reporter but I never asked you one leading question .
va	O	She 'd killed my mother , and now she was set on destroying my world .
va	O	I didn 't trust James , and I was afraid he was only getting her hopes up .
tr	O	When they 'd first been assigned to work together on the yearbook , Rich had been a popular football player and she 'd been a nondescript bookworm .
tr	O	The funeral follows , and your life continues while someone else 's has stopped .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	O	The organ stopped , and the service began .
tr	O	He 'd been strong , and Iris - sweet Iris - had been weak .
te	O	It was just sitting there , and I was entirely certain that it hadn 't been there before I 'd jumped into the shower .
te	O	If the princes were in the forest , then soldiers were nearby , and Aunt Maya had warned Rema enough times to steer clear of the army .
tr	O	The element was abundant tonight and Auron took advantage of it .
tr	O	Kate said he signed a record deal a few months back , and I 've heard a few of his songs on the radio .
tr	O	Natalia , who you met last week , was desperate to marry my brother and I thought it would happen .
tr	O	I felt around the bottom of the well for the chest , but there was only emptiness .
te	O	I 'll see you when you arrive there , and I 'll come to you .
va	O	She caught the glint of guilt in my eye mid-sentence , and I reflexively turned to look away when she persisted in staring back .
tr	O	Angie wished she could be that naive again , but innocence was one of the casualties of divorce .
tr	O	One look at the headlines and she forgot all about eating .
tr	O	It sounded like small game , but he wasn 't going to play around .
tr	O	He was getting charged for both cars , but that was the least of his worries right now .
tr	O	My Nephilim blood should have healed me by now , but the stab was still fresh , casting a bluish hue .
tr	O	The water was too cold and the darkness had engulfed her .
tr	O	It was a piece of trash like all French products , but it was inexpensive .
tr	O	They jumped at him , but he was too high .
tr	O	The kid obviously idolized Austin , but she couldn 't figure out the connection .
tr	O	Tanya 's eyes shot wide open and her hand curled into a fist .
tr	O	I turned toward him , and he felt the movement .
tr	O	She stepped menacingly towards him , but fortunately for Crispin , Michael 's restraining hand on her arm stopped her from proceeding .
tr	O	Gloriana was still smiling at her , but it didn 't look warm anymore .
tr	O	His arms were covered in tattoos , and those very arms were thick .
va	O	The shopping district is too crowded and submariners are always visiting the Square .
tr	O	I say and Blaze laughs .
tr	O	Dimitri spun around as if he might attack them , but Skyler caught at him , jerking at his arm .
tr	O	Perry felt pride in his words and that showed in the reciprocating smile .
tr	O	Caroline 's phone rang , and she knew from the ringtone it was Trevor .
tr	O	Andrew was within his rights to defend Nicky , but he 'd almost killed the four of them .
tr	O	She looked in the mirror , as usual , but this time she saw something weird in it .
tr	O	A few pool players huddled over the tables in the back , and a handful of couples were dancing .
tr	O	It would be faster to move through the dancing couples , but that would only cause a stir .
tr	O	They got out of the car and he led Kara into the building .
tr	O	They could be perplexing creatures , but life was incomplete without them .
tr	O	My whole being becomes entirely consumed with guilt and I feel like I can barely breathe .
tr	O	I didn 't know anything about Fate , but there was something wrong if she wasn 't controlling herself .
tr	O	All of them were headed for months of hardship in the west , and many of them would never return .
tr	O	I couldn 't find a corresponding can of kerosene , but when I lifted the heater , I heard a plentiful sloshing of fuel inside its tank .
tr	O	Becoming excited himself , he must exert much more effort to throw the lid of this chest back , but the effort is promptly rewarded .
va	O	She also forgot that it was the middle of the night , and she went on nagging him for what felt like two hours .
tr	O	These memories were going to have to last her a lifetime and she intended to enjoy every moment .
va	O	Her eyes burned with rage , and she was doing everything in her power to remain seated .
tr	O	He felt her shiver beneath his hand , but she did not pull away .
tr	O	Where it went , they didn 't know , but it was a necessary risk .
tr	O	I brought my fingers to my face and they trembled .
va	O	Neither was he , but all they could do was try .
te	O	It was the only thing in her control at the moment , and by God , she 'd remain silent .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but to kiss him back .
tr	O	She hadn 't sounded particularly happy about it , but I was relieved that they had conceded .
tr	O	Dr Grayson was called , and Karen underwent another examination .
tr	O	I dropped to my knees as the last heap of dirt covered the vampire 's cries , and David came to squat before me .
va	O	When the guards were sure I was unarmed , they stepped back and I continued inside .
te	O	He pinched her hard and she came once more .
tr	O	He had expected nothing and there was nothing .
tr	O	He had landed on a pile of glass from the broken ceiling , and one of the jagged chunks had pierced his throat .
te	O	He didn 't like the sound of that , but there was nothing he could do except wait .
va	O	Ashe hadn 't spoken to the tall youth until then , but he hadn 't chased Ren away when he 'd appeared inside Ashe 's bedroom .
tr	O	She 's giving me a particularly meaningful look , but I can 't figure out what she wants .
tr	O	There wasn 't a good way to lean over the edge , and he couldn 't see how far away the ground was from where he stood .
tr	O	All the eyes are turned towards the girl , but she pays no attention .
tr	O	The French windows burst inward , and the room was suddenly flooded with Shadowhunters in their dark fighting gear .
tr	O	She was the daughter of his enemy and he would do what he had vowed to do .
va	O	Eric chuckles deeply and his fingers flick the air .
te	O	Nathan 's heart ached and he suddenly despised himself .
tr	O	I see a tear roll down her cheek , but she swiftly wipes it away with her hand .
tr	O	I laughed at what she said , but it really did go pretty well with the new clothes .
va	O	Cami is a whore , and I mean that literally .
tr	O	We have baptized new members by the tens of thousands , and churches are opening every day .
te	O	Her entire field thrived on it but she was in no condition to deal with it today .
tr	O	I was chewing on my last strings of sanity and I thought , to invent ghosts was the sign of madness creeping in .
va	O	His kiss was as rough as his hands , and I relished it I didn 't know why .
tr	O	This house had been severely damaged by the tributary , and Sam wondered how safe it was to be inside .
te	O	There was another girl involved and he let her walk away .
tr	O	The game continued , and Sebastian gradually increased his stack .
tr	O	When I was seventeen everything changed , and I kept it all to myself .
va	O	We 're still waiting on a few test results but you 're welcome to go see her .
tr	O	My hips wanted to flex against him , but I was suddenly afraid of it hurting .
tr	O	Seventeen hours later a healthy daughter was born , but it was never held by it 's mother .
tr	O	He reached for her , but she jerked out of his grasp .
tr	O	When they did paddle , it was against the current , and half the time they were not sure which way to go .
tr	O	Her dad looked like hell , but I still recognized him .
va	O	Ghouls are everywhere and when I look further out I see more arriving .
tr	O	They had immediately prepared an expedition , and they had left within the hour .
tr	O	The carriage finally approached , and Breeze sighed in relief .
tr	O	It just completely stops , and I like that feeling .
tr	O	Kylie now recalled hearing the struggle , but the idea left her stunned .
tr	O	I now had another black eye after my little ' meeting ' with Poindexter earlier , but the new one wasn 't too bad .
te	O	A foot brushed the bottom , and she knew up from down .
tr	O	She was spilling it all out , but maybe she wasn 't making any sense .
tr	O	Though he had stabbed it , the wound was superficial , and he 'd had no time to properly prepare his weapons .
tr	O	The ecstasy of it was greater than I 'd ever felt , and it rolled over me in wave after wave as I shivered .
tr	O	He 'd set the plan in motion , and he would stick to it , by God .
te	O	I had hit a culvert , and my car was destroyed .
tr	O	Ryan had negotiated some major deals in his lifetime , but when he had first married , he had missed most of this part .
tr	O	We have nothing to contribute , but I don 't care about eating .
tr	O	I want to hear their conversation but I dare not look .
tr	O	She wanted him to apologize for drinking , but he couldn 't do it .
tr	O	I double over , and she takes my face between her hands .
tr	O	Barbs bit into her palm but that was it .
tr	O	His concentration had slipped away from me , and my old wounds were closed , as if by ... magic .
va	O	I reached forward to press my lips over his , but he pulled his head back .
tr	O	I may not come across as the sharpest knife in the drawer , but when it comes to the key , I don 't mess around .
tr	O	We suspect that most of the associates know , but it 's hard to tell .
va	O	He had already called her first thing that morning and when he had spoken to her , she 'd had no plans to go out .
tr	O	Folk were beginning to bustle about and heads were turning toward the stranger .
tr	O	Ana opened the door for me and we sat down in a booth .
va	O	It is all glass and the walls around the Jacuzzi are mirrored .
tr	O	His body clenched tight , like he 'd just taken a punch , but he continued to stare at her without blinking .
tr	O	The lamps have been bashed to pieces and the ceiling light is on the floor .
te	O	It was late afternoon , and sunlight gilded the Sound .
va	O	We would meet up later and things would be normal again .
tr	O	Maks was not one of those selected to go and he approached the open passenger 's - side window .
tr	O	Somehow she knew I wasn 't dead and she was determined to bring me out of hiding .
tr	O	It was the first one Haruki and I had shared since before summer .
tr	O	He palmed the middle of her back , but other than that made no move closer .
tr	O	Tell Paul I 'm fine , and I 'll see him later .
tr	O	The smile was still on Hal 's face , but there was more than happiness in his eyes .
tr	O	Right now she looked washed out , and her stride did not have its usual assurance .
tr	O	He grabbed it , held tight , and it helped keep him above water .
tr	O	Beau shook his head , but he started the boat .
tr	O	The jet made a statement , and it was a bold one .
tr	O	I work very long hours and I 'm not home often .
te	O	Bum legs aside , she knew that Peter Bowen had led the victim into months of despair , and she wanted him to suffer .
tr	O	My fingers twitch as I try to reach the spot , but my arms don 't want to move .
va	O	I went to meet her but she was not there .
tr	O	Brand 's eyes cloud again , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	My muscles protest when I stand up and my fingers are numb from the cold .
tr	O	She looked up at him anxiously at first , but he didn 't give her time to panic .
va	O	When they did , my heart stopped and my body stiffened uncontrollably .
tr	O	I knew Jack wouldn 't like me spending time alone with Justin , but I figured it might be best to clear the tension between us .
tr	O	The prime minister was quaking and he nervously looked to his left at the fallen commanders .
tr	O	At first , she didn 't see me , but I knew the exact second she spotted me .
tr	O	Somebody heard a scream , but nobody saw her dive .
tr	O	The ceiling here sloped upward , and rock formations draped down in limestone curtains .
tr	O	It wasn 't as if she hadn 't seen him before , and if it didn 't bother him , it shouldn 't bother her .
tr	O	The design was totally inked in black and Mia was scrolled above it .
tr	O	An iota of guilt nagged at her for not telling Kevin about Nate , but another part insisted she not worry about it .
tr	O	He 'd thought she 'd been playing him , but enjoying him with every fiber of her voluptuous body while at it .
tr	O	Initially I 'm shocked into wide-eyed attention , but after a while , I find I 'm tuning out the fear .
tr	O	It wasn 't a color or it was a color she had never seen .
tr	O	Poseidon tightened his grip on Hades , but his squirming was becoming too pronounced .
tr	O	You don 't ruffle too many feathers , and you 'll get along .
te	O	Maybe he 'd make a pass at one of the vamps , or maybe he 'd disrespect Chow , the bartender .
tr	O	It feels like there 's a foot on my chest and I can 't breathe .
tr	O	' No , I 'm just very experienced , ' Chicky had said and the decision had been made .
te	O	She 's sassy , and I 'm timid .
tr	O	Hemingway once slept there , but that doesn 't help .
tr	O	Since then he 'd taken solace at a number of cat houses in the city -- the age gap between the girls and himself becoming ever wider .
te	O	He thrust faster and her back arched .
te	O	A door slammed on a shack near the road , and an elderly woman hobbled toward him .
tr	O	I made a little more progress but I put the book aside again .
tr	O	She 'd been a virgin when she met him , but even without any experience she 'd known he was different .
tr	O	Zach had watched the exchange in silence and she guessed that he had quickly taken her parents ' measure .
tr	O	The phone rang a couple hours later and she was reluctant to pick it up .
tr	O	She could tell he was trying to cheer her up , but she was to the point that she was all right with being down .
tr	O	Garrett was staring at her intently , and she made a point of not looking at him .
tr	O	My screaming died out into whimpers and my body crumpled from exhaustion .
tr	O	It was too confusing and she could feel tears slipping down her cheeks .
va	O	I listened for about ten minutes , and I started to see things .
tr	O	He gave three knocks , and Isabella opened the door .
te	O	He paused and his eyes closed wearily .
tr	O	I turned to Riley and he nodded in agreement .
tr	O	She gripped the tree and she turned her gaze .
va	O	Eric was the sheriff of Area Five , and he was a vampire on the rise .
tr	O	We 're going to shut down whatever he 's got in mind , and we 're going to get Shiro back .
tr	O	He was chomping at the bit to make progress , and I promised I 'd keep him in the loop .
tr	O	Disappointed , his foot stumbled on his way to the door , but he kept going .
tr	O	None of us had received any training in how to survive at altitudes higher than the gnome settlement , but I could extrapolate from what I knew .
te	O	I rip my hands away and her eyes widen with embarrassment .
te	O	Tuck went to P.E. and I went to Algebra .
tr	O	Lucas was quiet for a while , and I wasn 't sure that he would answer me .
tr	O	She struggled to stay calm , but her reserves were already depleted .
tr	O	The darkness was kind to Celia , cloaking many deficiencies but it could not hide the selfish petulance of her voice .
tr	O	My eyes popped open , and heat flooded my face .
va	O	He said the words without any pity , just sincerity , and it affected her more than she 'd care to admit .
te	O	A few moments later a car honked its horn behind him and he felt his heart surge .
tr	O	My blonde hair is arranged in a loose chignon , and the warm spring night doesn 't even require me to wear a jacket .
tr	O	He took hold of my hand once again and we ran in unison .
tr	O	I felt secure in my Beverly Hills penthouse and it was walled with books on just about every epoch that had preceded the twentieth century .
tr	O	My father had always been superstitious , but I never thought he would go completely crazy .
tr	O	He ate very little when the council broke for the noon meal , and he ate nothing when their dinner was set before them .
tr	O	Then he straightened , and a bare smile formed around the corners of his mouth .
tr	O	She put stickers on all her folders , and her work in school usually came home covered in stars .
tr	O	He motioned toward one of the other suited men and he dropped a card on the table .
tr	O	I was surprised she did not react to my indifference , but something in her countenance seemed to fight negativity today .
tr	O	We fog up the windows and there 's a hand pressed against the glass just like in that one movie .
va	O	This was not the bedding ceremony , and there probably wouldn 't be one .
va	O	I had made my choice , and I would make the same one again .
te	O	I think about going to the lake , but I 'm so weak that I barely make it to my meeting place with Gale .
tr	O	It was barely big enough to cover him , but a sense of urgency drove him not to care about his lack of modesty .
tr	O	He shuddered , and Mom cut her eyes at me .
tr	O	There was nothing really threatening in her expression , but her eyes were frosty .
tr	O	She was thrown ten feet through the air , striking the trunk of a grizzled old tree and she slid to the ground !
te	O	Jack Kang lifts his hands , and the crowd goes silent .
va	O	It 's hard to take such a responsibility ... But she had to cling to any straw .
tr	O	Rage flooded her veins , and she gasped with fury .
tr	O	She winced as she attempted to sit up , but he pressed her back .
va	O	My voice broke and I started sobbing .
te	O	His eyes shot to mine and I prayed the gift hadn 't left me .
tr	O	I heard movement in the dining room but my attention was caught on something else .
tr	O	James paused , and she turned her head so she could see his face .
tr	O	I opened the door like normal and it shut behind me like normal .
te	O	Sean looked at her as if trying to decide what to do , and his blue eyes were shadowed with emotions she couldn 't read .
te	O	He was still hard but his face was pained .
tr	O	I wanted desperately to be where you were and suddenly I was .
te	O	Their mother hurried to their side , but she hesitated upon reaching them , one hand over her mouth as she began to wretch .
tr	O	Cy squirmed , but he didn 't pull away .
tr	O	The sun had indeed set , and darkness had fallen on the city .
te	O	Until now all I had from the university was an acceptance letter and a dozen forms to fill out .
tr	O	She knew Terry didn 't want her sleeping without booze , but if food wouldn 't stay down , neither would vodka .
tr	O	I was drawn to him like a kid in a candy store and he was the most delicious treat available .
tr	O	He would never leave her , and she would never leave him .
tr	O	The crowd of pencil pushers parted and the trio hastened to the carriage .
tr	O	Millie Sanford may have given her life , but the woman had never been a mother to Haley .
te	O	Liz 's mouth hung open and she pulled Brady 's shirt down farther to try for some decency .
tr	O	Her face disappeared into the pillow once more and the low wail of a muffled scream escaped .
tr	O	The warrior 's situation hadn 't improved and back-up still hadn 't arrived .
tr	O	A sharp retort curled her tongue , but Melissa let it slide .
va	O	My father was not contented with my deferring our plans , but he loved my mother enough to know that it was the appropriate resolve .
tr	O	Moving in that direction , he waved his arms again and this time caught something in the crook of his elbow .
tr	O	She scooted closer to Quinlan and he slid an arm around her , holding her against him .
tr	O	His ornately carved white wood chair wasn 't quite a throne , but it would do .
va	O	There were a couple of teenagers when I was found , but there was never anyone my age until I was ten .
tr	O	His fingers dug into the soft flesh of her arms and his mouth tightened into a grim line .
te	O	The torchlight helped to illuminate a path ahead of him , and he saw a pile of boxes stacked in a corner .
tr	O	She needed to think this through , but she couldn 't right now .
tr	O	I move out of his way and he walks out the door in his towel , like he 's not embarrassed at all .
tr	O	I was getting a magical workout either way , and although it helped to hone my skills , I was truly getting sick of it .
tr	O	I held my phone up to the sky , and the departing clouds .
tr	O	This was more than I could manage , and I wasn 't coming out .
va	O	He was downwind of her , but with her enhanced vampire senses , he was still worried she 'd catch his scent .
tr	O	Emelia 's whole body went icy and she turned in terror .
tr	O	He emphasized ' quiet ' and she could feel his irritation .
tr	O	I didn 't want a counselor ... but I did want Sawyer .
tr	O	I haven 't seen her since last summer , and she 's much thinner .
tr	O	Her solutions are childish , but her emotions are fervent .
tr	O	Her mouth upturned in disgust , and I saw what Fisher meant about her looking down her nose at us .
tr	O	I racked my brain for more but it wouldn 't come .
tr	O	He had already abandoned someone he loved , and he couldn 't endure it again .
tr	O	That seemed to wipe the smug look off his face and he glanced away from me toward the Grim Reaper .
te	O	He touched me in places , asking if it hurt , and then gave me the look as if he didn 't believe me .
tr	O	I feel something wet splash on my face and I know they are his tears .
tr	O	Tuck was with me , but the coach called him back .
tr	O	You 're not really officially in maternity yet , but you 're going to need more room around the waist .
tr	O	If they were still there , the bullets would find them , but there was no way to tell what lay in the dark .
tr	O	Joy didn 't know who got up first , but soon they were in each other 's arms .
tr	O	My full name 's William Richard Hunt and I 'm the same age as you .
tr	O	Some moms get really into Christmas , but my mom was the Halloween type .
tr	O	Even I think I sound stupid , and Never Lies just grunts in amusement .
tr	O	Settling back on his haunches , he pulled his hand out , and there it was .
tr	O	The origin of their names wasn 't very clear but there were couple plausible theories .
tr	O	He hadn 't only proved himself susceptible to her wiles , but he also must have been her easiest quarry ever .
va	O	Nate could not hear the sound , but Trevor laughed hard .
tr	O	When it did , Sam turned on her as if he 'd tear her to pieces , and Noah got up , just in case .
tr	O	They might never solve it , but they couldn 't look like they hadn 't the first clue who was responsible .
tr	O	Lights flashed before her eyes , and just when it felt as if her lungs would explode , her soul was lifted from her body .
tr	O	His arm went around her waist , and she felt the pressure of his lips close to her ear .
tr	O	Now I 'm kissing up and he 's kissing down .
tr	O	The ground was firm enough , but there was something about it that felt different .
tr	O	After all , my body may be broken , but I will never be imprisoned if my spirit is free .
tr	O	The need to give in to the tears was there , but I forced it down , al the way down .
tr	O	Tess was indeed a wonder : calm , intelligent , determined , and to boot , the most beautiful woman Whitman had ever seen .
tr	O	Al that was happening around us seemed only to make it stronger and I felt sil y for thinking otherwise .
tr	O	Sally was breathing in a gentile pant and he was dizzy to the point of blacking out .
va	O	I was sure Stone would spread his men out a little , standard procedure , and I did the same as we flanked the bluff .
tr	O	I wanted to help Sean , but Dec dragged me with him .
tr	O	I dove underneath the closest library table , and the creature landed on top of it , instead of on me .
tr	O	The sun was shining full on his back now , and his spine was prickling with sweat .
tr	O	Anyway he was selling some stuff , but he wanted too much for it .
tr	O	A moment passes , then another , and still he says nothing .
tr	O	We both sat up and she looked at me .
tr	O	It was only moments until he reached the top of the ravine and looking back he could see no sign of the rider .
tr	O	My heart was beating furiously , but not because she scared me .
tr	O	It made me feel dirty all over , and I wished I could run away .
tr	O	Gan saw his father tense momentarily , but his answer was restrained .
tr	O	We 'd clearly have to watch him closer , but judging from the chastised look on Trina 's face , it wouldn 't happen again .
tr	O	He had heard tales of the alchemist and up until then he was the enemy that they were pursuing .
tr	O	He squeezed off a shot , but the stream of fire whizzed past my shoulder .
tr	O	Small green buds dotted some of them , but others were bare .
tr	O	I didn 't move and I didn 't speak .
tr	O	No , I 'm not a local and I know how important that is in a small town .
tr	O	I didn 't get it , but I found plenty of things to buy .
tr	O	I tried to smile but it hurt too much .
va	O	Aidan held Leah closer than ever that night , but her warmth still didn 't provide any comfort .
tr	O	The sensation was disorienting , exactly like falling headfirst toward the ground , and the spikes came rapidly nearer .
tr	O	There were the young men she met at social functions , but their conversation hadn 't gone much beyond vapid comments about the weather .
tr	O	Some became full on quadrilaterals , and many triangles kept their three sided nature .
tr	O	He grew impatient to end his journey , yet he did not want it to end .
te	O	When I woke up , the house was on fire and I escaped when the floor burned out from underneath me .
tr	O	Ollie trots over to greet him , and he pats my dog once on the head .
tr	O	Holly was there , and she was terrified .
tr	O	I 'm running low on vacation days , and I think we 'd be able to work around my schedule .
tr	O	She almost didn 't dare to open her eyes , afraid that the bullet would just be closer , but she did .
tr	O	His nostrils flared , and she swore his head dipped down a fraction of an inch before he stopped .
tr	O	I sought to move towards the stairway , but another man stepped to block my path .
tr	O	A sudden fierce gust of wind drives the ship downward , and my stomach drops at our sharp descent .
tr	O	The regent waved a hand , and a second hourglass was overturned .
tr	O	Landon stopped to examine it , but she kept on .
tr	O	When he tried the hatch dogs again they turned , but he did not open the hatch .
tr	O	He chuckles softly , but the mirth never reaches his eyes .
tr	O	He stopped and I stared into his green eyes with laughter in my eyes .
tr	O	His eyes roamed my body again , and he frowned .
tr	O	He was saved from a great peril , but many lie before him still .
tr	O	Another swirl of nausea rushed through me with a chilling sweat , and I leaned my head over as my stomach convulsed .
te	O	Maybe he 'd lost track of time and Ink had kept him shut up in this cabin for days .
tr	O	To help the crippled walk , and the ill become well .
te	O	His body was so warm , so close , and the last thin threads of my reserves melted away .
tr	O	She thought to raise a hand to block her eyes , but of course her eyes had nothing to do with it .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to say something but she stopped him .
tr	O	His cell rang , and he glanced down .
tr	O	He was lying on the asphalt barely moving and didn  t care a shit about what she said .
tr	O	He could feel his neck tense and his heart beat in his chest .
tr	O	It had been two years since Zander Taylor 's death , but each summer in late August the nightmares struck .
tr	O	My mom backed off , and I withdrew my hand .
tr	O	His father had once told him there was no such thing as bad publicity , but Hutch wasn 't convinced .
tr	O	If he was flirting with me like Evan had said , I loved it , but it was a little overwhelming at the same time .
tr	O	In her confusion , the tears stopped , thankfully , but the deep sadness on her face didn 't in any way disappear .
va	O	I was sad Daniela wasn 't going to come , but of course she had her own life to live .
te	O	There 's a marked aggression in Logan 's tone and it racks up the tension in the room immeasurably .
tr	O	He should have gone to the FBI then , but he 'd decided to wait the full day .
tr	O	We missed lunch , and I 'm starving .
tr	O	Kelly would have been amused by it , but he had to acknowledge that it might actually be true .
tr	O	I hear someone shout a curse , or I think it was me .
tr	O	However , just tell us about your experience first , and then we can then move things on .
te	O	The man wore Whitney 's face , but no way was that him .
tr	O	I could feel my face going even more scarlet , and I didn 't know what to say .
te	O	You 'll throw Rutledge off balance and we 'll need that .
tr	O	He didn 't quite beg , but then he was the King .
tr	O	My eyes finally close and I feel as if I 'm floating downstream in a river .
tr	O	He smelled like the outdoors , which was intoxicating in itself , but the security she felt in his arms was even better .
tr	O	He was just happy in general , and he wasn 't putting a shirt on anytime soon .
te	O	I meet her gaze , and her eyes are fiery .
tr	O	I stick my head outside and there doesn 't seem to be a single soul in sight .
tr	O	She leaned into me , and the adrenaline pouring through me made everything except the beat of my heart go silent .
va	O	Danika had known she 'd missed her friend , but she hadn 't realized how much until now .
tr	O	It seemed much too large for him and it was noticeably on the soft side .
tr	O	It 's this underground club , and I mean really underground .
va	O	A few well placed swings later and the door was off its hinges .
tr	O	It hurt , sometimes more than you could bear , but there was no way to avoid it .
tr	O	He fell to the ground , tried to roll to put out the fire , but the flames wouldn 't die .
tr	O	Misha asked and I agreed .
tr	O	The words were spoken with little emotion , yet the threat behind them was clear .
va	O	He seemed surprised that I hadn 't pulled back , and he briefly opened his eyes , searching my face .
te	O	It would lead to hope , and I cannot allow myself to hope for something that is highly unlikely .
te	O	Charming didn 't say anything and the Grim Reaper kept talking .
te	O	They had been able to repeat the experiment of 2002 , and each time they were successful in making the copper cube disappear .
tr	O	My eyes flicked down , but Oliver had quit screaming .
va	O	That freak of nature had slept at the foot of my bed , and his distinctive reek was permanently imprinted on my rug .
tr	O	The door opened and Worm walked in .
tr	O	The recall was disturbing him , and he was having difficulty not showing it .
tr	O	I began to protest but she didn 't care .
tr	O	There was a faraway look in his eyes as if he was dreaming and the dream was a nightmare .
tr	O	I wondered why for the longest time , but finally it made sense .
tr	O	She gives a nonchalant shrug , indifferent on the outside , but I can tell she 's hiding something on the inside .
tr	O	barked Douglas at his goons , and they attempted to silence Thomas with their fists .
tr	O	He was about to say something and his mom started walking down the stairs .
tr	O	She should 've been loyal to our kind , but she chose to be loyal to whatever feelings she had for you .
tr	O	He watched as her brows snapped together and her eyes flashed .
tr	O	Yes , it was solid , and there was far too much detail for this to be a figment of his imagination .
tr	O	There were sounds of movement and the owners of those voices must have gone .
te	O	A flash of admiration lit up his dark eyes briefly and Erica felt warmed by it .
tr	O	He was wearing a hospital gown , and he was hooked up to lots of things .
tr	O	Her cheeks were bright with rosy color and her dark eyes gleamed .
tr	O	That seemed to get somewhere because Kelly was now looking between the two of us again and I could see that she was entertaining the idea .
va	O	I want my subs at the wall cheering them on , but if you trip up a referee I will cut you .
tr	O	They arrived at the car and Tommy let his boss in .
te	O	Edward laughs , like I 'm a child and he can do whatever the hell he wants .
tr	O	She wasn 't blameless , not by a long shot , but she wasn 't alone in this either .
tr	O	She gave me a hug , and I felt a little better .
tr	O	Haddington turned to where he had left Clarence , but the space was now deserted .
tr	O	She wanted to say yes right away , but she knew that she should at least talk to Mike about it .
tr	O	I know that 's over simplistic , but it beats staying around here waiting for the mother ship to show up .
tr	O	Suddenly the air was full of those languorous bullwhip cracks , and the thin white cables were drifting down all around us .
va	O	I couldn 't move and I couldn 't speak .
tr	O	Something else has happened and I 'm trying to keep it as quiet as I can .
tr	O	She 'd screamed before , for Drake , but those screams had been about pleasure .
tr	O	The honeyed taste of her was sexy as hell , and he decided waking up should be all about indulgence .
tr	O	Your color has come back and you look lovely as always .
tr	O	He wasn 't really jealous , but it came out that way .
tr	O	I 'd always been happy , but I 'd never known the intense satisfaction that came with being loved .
tr	O	He still wasn 't angry with her , but he could tell that his reaction didn 't convey that message to this sweet , terrified woman .
tr	O	My heart beat faster but I slowed my breathing .
tr	O	Its eyes were watery , and its lips were pursed tight with bitter judgment .
tr	O	The door opened and a withered old prune of a woman walking with two sticks peered out at Becky .
te	O	I had set out to find Isaac , but in passing Zia 's bedroom door on the way to his , I just have to stop .
tr	O	None of us knew why , but I knew it bothered Frost .
tr	O	* * * Lily glanced at his open palm , and her heart rate jumped up a few notches .
tr	O	Turning around , I saw the gun in her hands , and the gun was pointed at the center of my thick forehead .
tr	O	The moment passed and no alarm was raised .
va	O	He was standing this time rather than sitting and he looked noticeably urgent , eager about something .
tr	O	In a perfect world she 'd fall in love with her ex-husband again and they 'd all return to being the ideal family they 'd once been .
tr	O	He wished to be on the roof of the Discovery Apartments , and the crystal took him there .
tr	O	The kids were quiet , forlorn , and Joseph was not in a position to console them .
tr	O	Frank gets to work on it , moving some bits of wood around , assembling others , and gradually the contraption begins to take shape .
tr	O	There was blood splashing everywhere and the scene was tremendously sickening .
tr	O	Misery made Logan 's shoulders sag , and his voice was so soft I had to strain to hear it .
te	O	He rose and her arms fell off his body .
tr	O	Hurt poured off her , and it nearly killed him .
tr	O	Samael 's eyes darkened , and the muscles in his jaw twitched .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear what they were saying , but they were obviously reconnecting after their months apart .
tr	O	I lied , and my mother smiled .
va	O	He grieved for the dead ; and although he could not fathom their roles , he saw that their deaths were born of his breath .
tr	O	His hands went right for my tank top and I didn 't stop him .
tr	O	I thought I was , but maybe I wasn 't .
tr	O	She felt naked somehow , and she realized it was because her hands were empty .
tr	O	Someone would have been sure to see him , and Verity would have been struggling .
te	O	I wasn 't sure how much of that I actually believed , but it was what had come out .
tr	O	Everyone pitched in to get the food on the table , and more bottles of wine were opened .
tr	O	He is not healed , and he is very dangerous .
tr	O	Being a friend of a person like Mayank was not very easy but it came as a package .
te	O	He 'd just needed to take a step back and now here it was dawning on him .
tr	O	He had no proof she had stolen him , and it had been so long since they had first met in Jamaica .
tr	O	She showed them to the garage , but they could not put her parents back together , either .
te	O	Duncan had agreed to act as Antonio 's best man and he looked quite handsome in his tux .
tr	O	Michael suddenly had visions of the floor cracking open , spouts of liquid fire shooting up to incinerate them , and he shivered .
tr	O	I was dreaming , and it was raining .
va	O	Many times he had anticipated the behavior of animals - a wounded leopard in the bush , a cornered buffalo - but this was different .
tr	O	I turn on the TV and we sit side by side eating our Italian eggplant sandwiches .
tr	O	He didn 't put his arm around her , but he didn 't seem to mind the contact .
tr	O	I know something terrible is about to happen and I have no clue how to prevent it .
tr	O	The clock ticked in the background , and the journal in my bag may as well have been screaming at me .
tr	O	His dick thought different , but then it had always had a mind of its own .
te	O	I called , but it was too late .
tr	O	My stomach sank in warning , and I feared the worst .
tr	O	He called her repeatedly but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	You need some exercise , fresh air , and to clear your head .
tr	O	I reached out to touch him again , but my hand just slid through his shoulder .
tr	O	He just needed to find the phone book , and he 'd be good to go .
tr	O	Dervish echoes , but I don 't answer .
te	O	The rain hadn 't let up and Connor still hadn 't returned from his business meeting .
tr	O	The food bag was gone , and this made his skin crawl .
tr	O	Just as suddenly as his ager came , Isla saw his face clear up and he smiled down at her .
va	O	He turns me around , causing ripples in the water , and then his mouth is on mine .
va	O	I don 't do it every time I play , but I am seriously low on funds .
tr	O	The group progressed right into the second number , and then everyone ran backstage to change for the next few songs .
tr	O	Someone is out to kill all of us and we have no idea who .
tr	O	It was old equipment , and it wasn 't likely to listen to her pleas for help .
tr	O	It was huge , and I could picture it already .
tr	O	It was a hard hacking cough and my hand came away with thick blood smeared across it .
te	O	The door was open , and light still spilled out despite the late hour .
tr	O	I liked to believe I was more skilled now , a better hunter , and that first time was a mere fluke .
tr	O	Mel was a few years younger than him , but considering how small she made her town sound , she might have known him .
tr	O	She rammed her elbow into his gut , but his hold didn 't even loosen .
tr	O	Her hand slipped back into her sleeper , and she turned on her back to stare at the low ceiling of the tent .
tr	O	The color looked stunning with her hair , but I knew she had to be miserable .
tr	O	Apparently he wore these for warmth against the bitter high northern cold , but Seth tended to think it was more for appearance 's sake .
tr	O	I didn 't particularly feel like eating anything that we 'd found here but we couldn 't turn down the extra food .
tr	O	Nothing had been missed and they both knew it .
tr	O	Ashe was grumbling and he knew it .
tr	O	Somehow I didn 't think that was all he was getting , but there was no point in even pretending it was an option .
tr	O	She was trying to put on a brave front , but I could see right through it .
va	O	I figured it was my cue to crawl off his lap , but his big , warm arms wound their way around my waist .
tr	O	She 'd wanted a friend here in Serendipity and now she had one .
tr	O	Your thumb would tickle my knuckles and your eyes would hold mine captive .
tr	O	It was a waltz and they talked some .
te	O	I 've never done this before , but it will be nice to have a partner , in crime , so to speak .
tr	O	Reason took over then , and I grabbed the grate .
tr	O	Manners dictated that I extend my hand , but the man was clearly spoiling for a fight .
tr	O	This was probably garbage , but it was good garbage .
tr	O	He 'd paid cash for his ranch and it hadn 't even made a dent in his account .
tr	O	The vampires stood mesmerized , some with smiles , others with nervous scowls , but all frozen as Draven tried to run .
tr	O	The driver loaded my bags and I started to get in .
tr	O	No one was spared , however , and no one doubted .
tr	O	His brows shot together and his hand at her hip gripped her harder .
tr	O	He was happy Josh was happy , but there was something else too .
tr	O	That was a slight exaggeration , as I actually did have to go seeking one ... but I was right on my first try .
te	O	She smiled and that made me happy .
tr	O	She knew it had something to do with Jackson , but he wasn 't talking .
tr	O	I have been trying to prepare for this moment but the right thing to say never came to me .
te	O	I looked at her , but her eyes were fixed on the TV .
tr	O	I knew my nails were digging into his skin , but I kept my hold on him as the unbelievable sensations traveled all over my body .
tr	O	He calls out to me , but I keep running .
tr	O	I knew they weren 't coming to make fun of my town , but I hoped it was what they expected .
tr	O	Paul 's mouth stayed shut , clamped shut , but I could feel the fuming he kept bottled inside like it was about to burst .
tr	O	His stomach was empty , and there was nothing coming up .
tr	O	She returned to her chair and there might possibly have been the glimmer of tears in her eyes .
tr	O	Tears seeped out between her fingers and she opened her eyes to look at him .
tr	O	She was already there when he arrived , and he 'd been distracted from the moment he sat down .
tr	O	Pete shot a look at his henchmen , and they pounced .
te	O	He tugged open the large tin door and both men dove headfirst into the pitch-black chute .
tr	O	They 'd go to Scotland tomorrow and maybe he could see someone there .
tr	O	She held out her hand to me , and I took it .
tr	O	I hadn 't done anything with that but I just knew it was going to come in handy with this mission .
tr	O	The office was going to be pretty sparse for a while , but it was mine .
tr	O	I 'm here with you , and I will not let you die he silently vowed .
tr	O	She 'd been in his apartment for a few days and yet he was forced to admit the place felt empty without her .
tr	O	After a few minutes I heard him humming and I listened as he sang me a song .
tr	O	It didn 't register , and Jamie could tell .
tr	O	There 's a pause , and as Holly 's eyes are closed , I take the opportunity to have a really good look at her .
tr	O	There weren 't any words to thank Willy and their attitudes toward him were forever changed .
tr	O	He honestly didn 't know , but it was a chance he was willing to take .
tr	O	She sprayed the woman in the face , but other than pinching her eyes shut in pain , it didn 't seem to faze her .
tr	O	I hated myself for it , but I was almost impressed by what she had done .
tr	O	It made no sense , and Hal gave her no time to question .
tr	O	He gave her his hand and she snatched it , knowing there was no time for hesitance .
te	O	He blamed the wave on karma and we continued to have a good laugh .
va	O	His watch blinked twice and he turned to it .
tr	O	I blushed as I noticed the stares of those all around us , and my heart stilled at the tenderness in his voice .
tr	O	We kissed and I felt like I 'd bitten into an electrical wire at the feeling .
tr	O	Ash unzips her sweatshirt and I do the rest .
tr	O	I need water , moisture , anything to help me swallow , and I need to swallow now .
tr	O	Not a single one of them would finger Corrado directly , but there was enough to loosely link him to the crimes .
te	O	I won 't eat a lot , but it 'd be mean not to share with me since I 've been such a big help all day .
tr	O	The Walmart had all manner of food , but I wonder if we 'll see many fresh vegetables here on out .
tr	O	I don 't trust you , Jake , and I don 't know if I 'll ever trust you again .
tr	O	Kelly might have canceled , but Nash didn 't plan to take no for an answer .
tr	O	He kissed me and the mansion vanished .
te	O	She moved and his arm tightened around her .
va	O	Realm collapses next to me , and we 're shoulder to shoulder .
tr	O	These guards were tall , and none of them looked Turkish .
tr	O	He wants to tell her he loves Elijah , but he 's afraid it won 't sound convincing .
tr	O	Horns blared and voices rose from the sidewalk below .
va	O	I comforted myself with the knowledge that we were close to the Promised Land and now was not the time to give up .
te	O	She also felt so soft to the touch , and I said exactly what was in my heart .
tr	O	You 're my favorite person to pester and I don 't think anyone else will do today .
tr	O	Another slip of coin , a few whispered words into her ear and she was off to do his bidding .
tr	O	He blows out a dramatic breath , tossing me a look of mock disapproval , and then he reaches out his hand to me .
tr	O	She 's got a body that won 't quit , sure , but there 's this whole Pollyanna thing going on .
te	O	The monster looked up and the lights blinded me .
tr	O	He had dismounted , wary of the commotion approaching , and his immediate bodyguard were forming a ring around him , making him a small target .
tr	O	My assailant tightened the gag and it bit into my skin , pulling painfully at my cheeks .
va	O	Kay looked at her aunt , surprised by her words , but before she could respond , her father entered the room .
tr	O	An entire swath of forest was sickened and dying , trees twisted into strange metal parodies .
te	O	Tyler frowned and I held up my hands to block his accusing look .
tr	O	Zeller hadn 't had this level of power before , but he 'd tapped into the core of the planet .
tr	O	He stood up abruptly and we were so close .
tr	O	He tried to put his hard hat on her , but it kept slipping off .
tr	O	Dr. Kathryn Pritchard was my therapist and she 'd helped me come a long way in dealing with my post-traumatic stress disorder .
tr	O	He meowed again , ending with a touch of howl , but the person who opened his windows did not wake up .
tr	O	They slowly creep round to my stomach , flattening out , and he buries his face in the side of my hair .
te	O	It was obvious he was trying to atone for her twin 's arrival the following Tuesday , but nothing could make up for that .
te	O	I stared at goat man again but he didn 't look at me .
tr	O	She fell forward , but before she completely lost her balance , Charles caught her around the waist .
tr	O	I keep trying to speak but the words are sticking to my tongue .
tr	O	In the floating distance , he could hear shouts , but Ty found that he couldn 't move .
va	O	Still it 's pretty remote and I 'm not certain how I 'd make a living with it .
tr	O	I came for those three girls , but the second half looks somewhat dull to me .
tr	O	No one got through to this office without an appointment and usually those appointments were booked months in advance .
tr	O	Abby remained doubtful , but she followed her husband through the kitchen anyway .
te	O	Their gazes were on the moaning Charles , and then , one by one , the men lowered their heads .
tr	O	Warning lights flashed , and a siren whooped .
tr	O	I went to see him and he pretended he had no idea who I was .
te	O	I stopped in front of the closed door and I knocked .
va	O	She wanted to be more than friends and she was tired of waiting .
tr	O	The pain was intense , but it was over quickly .
va	O	It was old , and rather seedy looking .
tr	O	He still hadn 't approached a snake , and Teagan had a lot of fun teasing him about that .
tr	O	Everything 's so wrong , and I 'm so tired .
tr	O	So far no sign of anything bigger than a hummingbird , but he knows the bigger animals will appear further ahead .
tr	O	Okay , I don 't know who you think you are , but you know nothing about me .
tr	O	She was a patient woman , and right now she could think of the perfect way to pass that time .
tr	O	It was about ten feet in diameter and the surface was brushed instead of polished .
te	O	I saw no evidence of it now , and he 'd been putting in long hours at the forge .
tr	O	They had taken our families away from us , and now it was time for pay back .
tr	O	Somehow she was outside the weapons shop , on a street full of people , and Jace was beside her .
tr	O	I came into this world alone and I can handle anything it throws at me .
tr	O	Next come the rapids , and all of a sudden , everything is more challenging .
tr	O	Joan tried to follow but she ran head long into her father .
tr	O	I 'm going to see that she gets it , and then I 'm going to find who did this to her .
tr	O	I look up at Asher and he kisses my nose again .
te	O	I don 't know what she sees in my expression , but she steps back abruptly , away from me .
tr	O	Everyone had a talent , and ending lives was his .
tr	O	Making Kelly blush was one of his favorite things , and he fully planned to make her blush in their bed soon , too .
tr	O	There is only one way to escape and that is to sink back into the dreamscape .
tr	O	The eight went down , and the game was over .
tr	O	Her fury with Jason exploded , and her hand flew toward his face in outrage .
tr	O	Maryanne felt his scrutiny , and it flustered her .
tr	O	Take that , add a transatlantic flight , and then you have what happened to Simon .
tr	O	He listened out in case his midnight meal had woken anyone , but all was quiet .
tr	O	She 's got a son named Julian , but I hadn 't heard about another kid .
tr	O	He fell back for a split second , and he was there .
te	O	More words floated into her brain and she knew how good it would feel to say them aloud .
tr	O	A shadow grew above her , but she didn 't move .
tr	O	I 've been confined to these dreary walls for months now and I 'm ready to see the world beyond that parking lot .
tr	O	The long rest break was over and the men were resuming their work .
tr	O	He was giving everything to her , and she gave him nothing in return .
tr	O	I try to retract my hand , but Realm grabs it .
tr	O	She reaches for him , but he moves away closer to me , leaving her grabbing at air .
tr	O	We want you in , and the house closed up .
tr	O	Her wand was in her hand and she was laughing hysterically .
tr	O	She placed a hand over her stomach , and he covered her hand with his .
va	O	She 's a ringer and this game is rigged .
tr	O	The boy smiled , staring around , but Gray saw the hint of fear in his eyes , a wariness of strangers .
va	O	I could feel myself getting really nervous and the smile on my face didn 't seem to want to go away .
tr	O	It was getting late and David knew it was time to retire for the night , he just really hadn 't the will to get up .
tr	O	Above the brick fireplace hung a family portrait that had been taken the summer after Orson and I graduated from high school .
tr	O	Too much going on and he was stuck in this goddamn chair .
tr	O	He had expected many reactions from this man , but affection was not one of them .
tr	O	Beth Ann Cole was hanging on his arm , but Allie wasn 't surprised to see them together .
tr	O	I 'm damned sure not a teenager and I don 't think I 'd remind you much of a Rastafarian , either .
tr	O	It seemed odd to be giving orders to people who were all older than I was , but I figured I 'd get used to it .
tr	O	She had been drugged and there was nothing he could do for her except allow whatever it was to wear off .
tr	O	I was dead , and we both needed to know why .
tr	O	The hinges were rusted , but by opening the hatch slowly , Ben found that he made the minimum of noise .
tr	O	Her frantic movements attracted the attention of the man in the passenger seat up front , and he turned around .
te	O	I 'm sure he has an inkling of what I 'm up to , but I want to give him the full effect .
tr	O	It struck him in the chest and he flew backward , dropping the gun .
tr	O	Business was booming , and we were too ignorant to see that we were supplying the means of our own downfall .
va	O	There were dozens of pairs of eyes staring at me , and suddenly I was painfully self-conscious .
tr	O	I 'm still wearing my thong , and I struggle to remove it .
tr	O	We both struck the ground , but I landed on my feet .
tr	O	She could feel every inch he had touched , and when she checked his gaze , it registered that he had noticed as well .
tr	O	She 'd showered , scrubbing her hands raw , using an entire bottle of shampoo , but never feeling clean .
tr	O	She wasn 't an anchor and she couldn 't be around other people without pain .
tr	O	I can 't explain it , but I know it to be truth .
tr	O	She knew she couldn 't tell Gio what had happened , but she needed to see him .
tr	O	You 'd just killed a man with your bare hands and you looked like you were ready to do it again .
tr	O	I wasn 't a picky eater , but Charlotte didn 't know that about me yet .
va	O	She started to calm down , but he didn 't let go .
tr	O	He 'd spoken both titles and either one made instant sense of this amazing place .
tr	O	She ached inside with the need to touch him , and then was instantly irritated with herself .
tr	O	This was her coming-out party , and she wanted everyone to know it .
tr	O	I felt the ladies ' looks leave me , and I physically relaxed .
tr	O	Auntie Jo would always give us matching clothes and Uncle Peter usually found us a book each in the same series .
tr	O	She avoided using his name again , and I appreciated it .
tr	O	It was always mortifying whenever she gave somebody a ride , but despite its age the car had decent speakers .
tr	O	Air shimmered around his hands and she was propelled into the wall , the impact knocking the breath from her .
tr	O	Riley felt a moment of trepidation , but she stood her ground .
tr	O	I 've had a lot of time to think about it and I 'm going to be fine .
tr	O	It was an unaccustomed outburst and we travelled in silence for a space .
va	O	There was no answer and he did not leave any messages .
tr	O	She understood , all right , and she wasn 't going to live through that again .
tr	O	I tried talking to her about it once , and she seemed a little dotty to me .
va	O	Hearing only part of a conversation left too much to the imagination and Jamie had learned long ago not to jump to conclusions where Mark was concerned .
tr	O	She had finished her business and the scream sealed the curse .
tr	O	I smiled at her and she smiled back then scuttled away .
va	O	He was shorter than me , wiry to the point of being gaunt and I guessed he was younger than me by at least a decade .
tr	O	I doubted Roth even thought twice about it , but I had quite a few times since Friday .
tr	O	They were an inspiration , because I was a Jew , and I felt the heart of my race beating within me .
tr	O	My palms began to sweat , and I ordered them to stop .
tr	O	One look at his haggard face , and they knew that he knew .
tr	O	Several more giggles erupted from her side of the class , but before I could say anything , Lesa shot the blonde a look .
tr	O	I jerk my hand , but he doesn 't give .
tr	O	They streamed down her face and she wiped self-consciously at them .
tr	O	Vlad had me cornered and we both knew it .
va	O	He wasn 't as sick as my brothers , but the eager sparkle was gone from his eyes .
te	O	One nips at my ankles and I jump , barely missing getting bit .
va	O	She moved to help him , but he pushed her hands aside .
tr	O	He shuddered , gasping , convulsing , and she felt the hot wash of his seed deep inside her .
te	O	I 'm so close to finding out , yet I 'm not ready to fully seal my fate just yet .
tr	O	It hit me just below the chest , and my legs collapsed from underneath me .
tr	O	They 'd walked to this dwelling , but none of them had noticed their surroundings on the quick trip because they were so diminished by the jump .
tr	O	For a moment there seemed to be an impasse , but I relented .
tr	O	Jason ignored her but his eyes traveled to her lips .
tr	O	The interior was black leather , and the windows were tinted dark .
tr	O	The rest of the room is a bit of a mess , but this blank wall is neat , clearly sectioned off .
tr	O	I just couldn 't do it , and then it was almost too late .
tr	O	I know I shouldn 't have said it , but I couldn 't keep it in any longer .
tr	O	Some cars ran the red light on the corner , and others went down wrong way streets to get away .
tr	O	I 'd been a pretty good faker most of my life , but I wasn 't sure I 'd ever truly belonged anywhere .
tr	O	He thought she 'd been steady enough when they 'd left the Keep , but maybe he shouldn 't have left her alone in the Coach .
tr	O	I hope you appreciate the trust I , and by proxy every Clubman , am placing in you here in letting you study these records .
tr	O	He laid his hands over the boy , and I could feel the heat he generated .
tr	O	The last months , they had been eating quickly but he saw that they were eating quickly to get it over with .
te	O	The galleries were constantly packed with jeering crowds , and Kurt would never find a friend among them .
tr	O	I tried to point out that we could use the machines , but he was having none of it .
tr	O	Her voice chills me , and I can see by James 's posture that he knows his threat didn 't have its intended effect .
tr	O	He could leave her here on the floor , but something inside of him rebelled at that idea .
tr	O	She took a step , and that was okay as well .
tr	O	I struggled up , and only then did I see the huge gash in her thigh .
tr	O	The patient was young , of course , and sometimes the young ones did show improvement .
tr	O	Just keep it casual , he thought and hopefully she wouldn 't react badly .
tr	O	Many labeled me her slave , and she did nothing to dispel those beliefs .
te	O	Now shadows moved across the ground , and I caught the occasional flash of animal eyes .
tr	O	The fiend tossed me , and I skidded to the middle of a room .
tr	O	It was still early yet and I probably shouldn 't be so hard on the guy .
tr	O	It was a fact that grieved Eve , but there was nothing to do for it now .
tr	O	No one had died , but there were serious injuries .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I agreed with that ... but she made a compelling argument .
tr	O	Every muscle inside of him wanted to move , to feel the friction of her body but he waited .
te	O	He seemed familiar , but she couldn 't quite place him .
tr	O	Clary wasn 't aware that she had moved , but suddenly she was no longer under the covers .
tr	O	His eyes were on something other than me , but I caught the slightest glimpse of a half smile as he shook his head .
tr	O	Firing is the easiest solution , with a severance package , but you 're going to have to get that past Bianca .
tr	O	Lights were the last thing his body cared about at the moment , but he wanted to see Keisha as she went over the edge .
tr	O	The monitor was turned off , and Nancy watched me .
tr	O	You may not have noticed it during the calls , but I did .
tr	O	When it cleared , the figured moved forward , and I finally came face-to-face with Alicia .
tr	O	He had no idea how he would carry out his threats - but he had no doubt that he would indeed carry them out .
tr	O	He 'd only corner her there , and she didn 't have a weapon .
tr	O	He looked a lot like Monty , but he was older , more worn .
tr	O	Her voice trembled , but when she glanced up at him , her blue eyes shone with faith .
tr	O	Savannah was speaking and Brady was laughing at whatever she said .
te	O	He feels like Paul , but I cannot scan many of the people here as easily as most others .
tr	O	The leg under Jenny moved and she saw Audrey crawling away .
tr	O	NIA tells me Wyatt is flying commercially out of Boston , but weather is delaying him .
tr	O	I knew I 'd asked for this , but it hurt .
va	O	Miss Stewart has discovered that she 's pregnant with Oliver 's baby and she 's going to need a little financial help .
tr	O	The muscle in Brody 's jaw jumped and a sort of coldness cloaked his body .
tr	O	Her eyes met his and a long sigh slid from her throat .
tr	O	both hunters said together but Eli had already started walking away .
tr	O	Evan laughed back , and his was cold .
tr	O	Colton didn 't understand the process , but he was getting used to it .
te	O	She had never been swimming , but that hot tub was enticing .
va	O	Lorena continued to scream , but her words were indecipherable .
tr	O	He needed a shower , and he needed it now .
tr	O	Grandfather fell in love with her , and they were married in Mexico City .
te	O	We 're related to them and they stink .
te	O	Her heart was pounding , and her insides again moved uncomfortably .
tr	O	I watch the news and I hear the stories .
tr	O	Doyle steps into the waiting area and my nurse wanders away without even saying goodbye .
tr	O	I nodded and he let go .
tr	O	It took me a couple of hours , but I wasn 't really in any hurry .
tr	O	The police called my parents and I was taken home .
tr	O	He tipped the bag up and several of its bright , sugar-coated contents tumbled out onto the mattress .
tr	O	They 'll be too big for you , but they 'll have to do you for now .
te	O	He tilted my chin up ever so slightly and I looked into his eyes , as wet with tears as my own .
tr	O	The door feels heavy as I open it , and the cool morning air nips at my legs .
tr	O	I can 't make rent and I can 't afford a ticket back to Tennessee .
va	O	His shoulders relaxed , and he ran a hand over his ragged features .
va	O	Jimmy slammed his foot into his waist once more , but he felt no joy at seeing Eustace 's pain .
va	O	Rose understands that he 's helping her get away and she feels relief that she is going to escape this ordeal .
tr	O	Though maybe a fox is a beast , but I think of beasts as something more .
tr	O	Something was missing , but she had no idea what .
tr	O	I haven 't taken a class in a couple of years , but I 've wanted to get back into it .
tr	O	Cassandra was lucky and she knew it .
tr	O	The panther 's shoulders came all the way up to my waist , and it was longer than I was tall .
tr	O	Gale asked to be dropped off in 12 with me , but he didn 't force the issue when I refused his company .
tr	O	The houses quickly turned into shops , and then a few cafes began appearing .
tr	O	She heard a click and instantly , a fire blossomed to life in the gas hearth .
tr	O	Wounded horses screamed and men moaned in pain .
te	O	These are my favorite times , where she 's not just Mom , but she 's also not guilty Mom .
te	O	His hair picks up the color from a blue spotlight up above , and it highlights him in an otherworldly way .
tr	O	This was a dream after all , but everything was amazingly detailed .
tr	O	Her experience seemed to be only a bad story and Jonas was only a bad wolf from a fairy tale .
tr	O	They were soldiers -- privates -- and they were kicked out for robbery .
tr	O	It slid off his skin , leaving him untouched , but the demons screamed as their fur ignited .
va	O	Chapter 6 Something in Rose 's tone struck Violet as odd , and she glanced over her shoulder at her youngest sister .
tr	O	Jules couldn 't get it down and she had to ask me to .
te	O	The cops ask him questions , but he can 't really speak .
va	O	Cole pulled into the parking lot of his condo complex and his eyes couldn 't quite process the scene before him .
tr	O	McNair stopped , and the ranks quickly fell in line .
tr	O	Knots of tension remained in her muscles , and she knew it would be dangerous for Oakes to walk into his old cubby right now .
tr	O	She knew exactly who Austen referred to , but she longed to avoid the topic .
tr	O	She hadn 't lied when she told Jack she wasn 't calm , and with each step , her anxiety increased .
tr	O	That 's what I can give you now , but there 'll be far more in the future .
tr	O	There was much more she wanted to say , but he 'd only grow unpleasant if she persisted .
tr	O	It was time to look at my results , and I was scared .
tr	O	It was a good story , but I had once been a headliner for those events .
va	O	She was a regular at the Friday charity sessions , but she 'd been on a trip with her husband .
tr	O	In my numb haze , I couldn 't make out the words , but I could picture them well enough .
tr	O	He lifts his arms up to replace the coffee tin and I see the dark blue bruise on his left side .
tr	O	My entire body knew a fight was coming , and I wanted Carrie far , far from it .
tr	O	Lei had wished me well at work on Friday when I told her what was happening , but she 'd been notably subdued .
te	O	He looked to the Big Man for support , but the Big Man ignored him .
tr	O	My heart was now in Simon mode , and it was pounding for him .
tr	O	Sure , it was a great victory , but no matter how you sliced it , Izzy was still in danger .
tr	O	We each took a cup , and she sat on the chair opposite us .
tr	O	The dragon had barely touched her and again she was melting in his hands , falling apart under his fingers .
tr	O	I 've had time to think , and I believe I know what 's happening .
tr	O	There have been differences between their moralities , but these have never amounted to anything like a total difference .
tr	O	They murmured their good-byes , and Aric left the study .
tr	O	A chill swept along her spine , but it had nothing to do with the cold .
tr	O	My cheeks were wet with tears and my forehead rested against his chin .
tr	O	She tried to lock eyes with the driver , but he was looking straight ahead .
va	O	Their loads were smaller , and they threw less often .
tr	O	Usually she attached herself to Franz as soon as he entered the room , but today she ignored him .
va	O	The door sticks , and my heart drops thinking someone might be bolted in there .
tr	O	He still flirted with her , but she hadn 't flirted back .
tr	O	The door at the very top opened and Stefan 's head came out .
tr	O	The sounds of fighting stopped suddenly , and she cast a quick glance over her shoulder .
tr	O	I knew I didn 't need it , but I was glad to have her approval .
tr	O	I turned the first corner of the stairwell that led up in the direction of my room , and my head spun .
tr	O	He was a proud man at some point in his life and he tried to maintain his pride in his current state of lifestyle disrepair .
tr	O	A cheer went up from the musicians themselves for Column and there followed a flurry of questions which Column self-consciously answered .
tr	O	I think I had , but I was no solider .
tr	O	The road to the base trailed off to the right , and Tom followed it .
tr	O	She thought she could still hear it , far away , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	O	The marks on his body were horrendous , but even they appeared to have faded out some .
tr	O	All of their requests were drowned by the car 's engine and they finally moved out of the way when it lurched forward .
te	O	There were laser lights flashing from the yard and I asked myself if this really was a grandmother 's house .
tr	O	He was a patient guy , but he was tired of the kid 's attitude .
va	O	As I handed Nick his flute , our fingers brushed and he glanced up for a second , then looked away .
tr	O	Sweat runs down his face , and his heart is thudding hard .
tr	O	Leah 's always been like a sister to me and she loves my daughter like an aunt .
tr	O	The man was ready for revenge , but all involved refused to even consider it .
tr	O	Normally he would have driven to her house , but he did not like driving on that winding road .
tr	O	She completely forgot about telling him what happened and she ignored the sensations going through her body .
tr	O	There 's a sudden noise behind her , and we both spin around .
tr	O	The baby is growing fast and I struggle to walk properly .
tr	O	She searched desperately inside , but she found nothing .
tr	O	There was a picnic basket next to me , and other people were scattered around the grass enjoying themselves .
tr	O	She hated a liar worse than anything , but she wasn 't naive enough to think that there was never a time when a lie was needed .
va	O	I 'd got a couple of promotions from some finds I 'd made , but nothing I could write a book about .
tr	O	I 'm a gambler and I know there are no guarantees .
tr	O	The wind pulls it hard and the kite changes direction .
tr	O	Noah held his breath as moments passed and the guards moved on .
tr	O	There was a bathroom on the right , and the hallway opened on one side onto a living room .
tr	O	It was a body and the rope was around its neck .
tr	O	He had made up his mind , and I wouldn 't be changing it .
tr	O	He turned just in time to see the rounds tear crosswise through two others , and sideways bursts of blood marked the line of fire .
tr	O	I had no idea where I was going , but I had to go somewhere .
tr	O	I glanced up at him , and he gave me a faint smile .
tr	O	I never pushed it because I figured the place made him uncomfortable , but I always offered because he needed to know I wanted him around .
tr	O	He turned his head , and she saw his eyes .
tr	O	I 've communicated with the computers at the space consortium and at the present time we don 't have many options .
va	O	Everybody thought Taylor was the piranha , but your father believed otherwise .
tr	O	All she would need to do was beg , and her heart 's desire would be for her .
va	O	I would have felt bad for him because it looked like it had hurt but I really didn 't care .
tr	O	She took for granted all of her family would later reunite but the situation wasn 't shaping up that way .
te	O	Tucker might not know a mother 's love , but I was thankful he had McKenna .
tr	O	Without a word he did as she directed , and together they pulled the shirt over his head .
te	O	I wasn 't ready to give Colt an answer , and I definitely wasn 't ready to tell Tanner I didn 't want to see him again .
tr	O	I should have called the police first , but something made me call her .
tr	O	The poles were covered with white caps and the analysis proved without a shadow of a doubt it was water .
te	O	I was strutting towards the elevator when it dinged open all by itself and Tracy exited .
va	O	He hadn 't thought he could get even harder , and now she was even more hesitant .
tr	O	Tears sting the backs of my eyes , but I refuse to cry over Mason again .
tr	O	Napoleon let out a yowl of protest but Darcy was determined that she wasn 't stopping until he was thoroughly drenched .
tr	O	She handed it to him , and he ate that as well .
tr	O	I hadn 't gotten a good look , but what were the chances the guy was Wilco anyway ?
tr	O	Haven 's shoulders dropped and she raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	The soft little hairs on my arms stand on end , and I am breathless .
tr	O	She 'd known he 'd been hit by the bullet , but she 'd hoped it had merely grazed the skin .
tr	O	He might not be a relationship guy , but when they were together , she felt cherished .
va	O	No one 's ever given me presents except Micha and I 'm not really a fan of getting them .
tr	O	We didn 't call it depressed back then , but I 'm sure she had been .
tr	O	He wanted her to trust in the idea , but her eyes left his .
tr	O	He was ten years older than me , but that was all part of the appeal .
tr	O	Cami had interviewed her , done the reference checks , but even so , one could never be too careful .
tr	O	The battle seems to be going well for the Vampires , but most of the vapor beasts are far away from the ship .
tr	O	I want to be with her so badly , but being with her has never felt more dangerous than it does now .
tr	O	This was either a cruel joke or Preston Strauss was off his meds .
tr	O	Their skin lay flat on their bones and their raggedy clothes flapped loose on their joints .
tr	O	I appreciate what you 're trying to do , but it would never work .
tr	O	He could have a future with her , but he could not reveal it .
tr	O	Which she hadn 't , but she 'd think it .
va	O	I asked him what was wrong , but he wouldn 't tell me anything .
va	O	I woke to deep blue eyes worriedly looking into my groggy green ones , and realized someone was shaking me .
va	O	The aircraft noises kept away most of the larger animals , and half of the farm had been fenced in many years ago .
tr	O	You guys have really helped me from the get-go and I 'm sure I owe you more than this .
te	O	Pol finally worked the door open and they filed out onto the path .
tr	O	He was squeezing back tears , and it was painful to watch .
tr	O	I didn 't understand this crazy world of magic , but he was just a guy in pain to me .
tr	O	She whirled , grabbing for a lamp , but he darted in front , blocking her .
tr	O	He still followed me home but I was too exhausted by my inner turmoil to care .
tr	O	These people didn 't seem to be threatening and they had no weapons that he could see .
tr	O	The pain had faded , but she could feel it waiting , perched at the outer edge of her brain biding its time .
tr	O	A shout worked its way up through Hart 's throat , and he couldn 't stop it coming out of his mouth .
tr	O	Darren would ask Danni if she wanted to leave and she would say no .
tr	O	I pushed him away with my foot , but he came right back , not getting the hint .
tr	O	We had hoped to delay the transition another year , but Daniel 's cancer was growing more aggressively than expected .
va	O	It flies by Dave in the infield , and Rich , playing sixty feet further back manages to knock it down , holding Steve to a single .
tr	O	That boy is a wolf in sheep 's clothes , and you can quote me on that .
te	O	I tried to explain , but he wouldn 't listen .
tr	O	I joined that crowd with enthusiasm , but first a quite unexpected thing happened .
tr	O	He thought of encouraging her , but as he watched her excruciating performance , he knew silence was best .
tr	O	I followed them to the door and Miranda 's mother met us there .
tr	O	The spotlight is bright , so I can 't see her from up here , but I have a pretty good idea she 's smiling .
tr	O	My tone came out surprisingly calm , and I was a little startled to realize that my nerves were calm too .
tr	O	I couldn 't explain it , but he shook off whatever had been bothering him before .
tr	O	Something about this hound dog pulled at her , but she was content just to have bought some extra time to find him a loving home .
tr	O	I knew he could still hear every word , but I appreciated the gesture of giving us space .
tr	O	He put the chair at one end of the figure eight , and Brady helped him with the blanket as well as he could .
tr	O	First he grunted a few times , but then his groans turned to howls .
tr	O	Every sigh she made sent Sean into a tailspin , and watching his anxiety escalate over the last several months had been very entertaining .
te	O	The main draperies were drawn open and a simple blue backdrop had been lowered to take up most of the depth of the stage .
te	O	Yusuf was fending off a half dozen burly mercenaries , and his companions were too busy themselves to come to his aid .
tr	O	Rosa had always treated me as her own niece , and I was as concerned as Sara was about her .
tr	O	She didn 't mean to lash out , exactly , but Lucia 's careful , measured voice had pissed her off .
te	O	Her mouth stretched around his swollen girth and he pushed deep .
tr	O	You 're harassing me about not going to church , yet you want me to lie to everyone there ?
tr	O	My ability may be rare , but it can only help me .
tr	O	I 'm tempted to stop by your window tonight to see you , but I know you will tell me that 's a bad idea .
tr	O	I miss you something awful but I am dealing with it .
va	O	There 's another long pause , and I begin to feel uneasy .
tr	O	A man stands behind her , a gun pressed to the back of her head , but it doesn 't seem to faze her .
va	O	Ahmed screamed at last ; his heart thumping hard against his chest , and his throat barely dry enough to give vent to the words .
va	O	I looked up at him and his encouraging eyes plead with mine .
tr	O	Her voice had been muffled behind the mask , but even when she hadn 't been facing me , I 'd understood her .
tr	O	Her stomach flipped and she sighed .
tr	O	Bonnie said , and her eyes were sparkling with indignation .
tr	O	I had only meant it to be a lame joke , but I felt trapped beneath their horrified gazes as they swung slowly toward me .
te	O	He 'd maintain his innocence forever , but snowboarding was in his past .
tr	O	Sometimes the worms surface and you can watch them crawling inside the skin of your arm .
tr	O	He laces my hand through his , but stills as my charm bracelet brushes his wrist .
tr	O	He grinned , and Hephaestus scowled .
te	O	His lips gently parted hers , and he tilted her head back .
tr	O	Arlen cried , and her voice took on a frightened tinge .
tr	O	My mind had gone blank and I tried desperately to switch it back on .
tr	O	I 've made so many mistakes , but you are not one of them .
te	O	The cousins ran up to it and when Ben picked it up it also became invisible .
va	O	She stopped listening when Colin turned her toward the stairs and they went to the library .
tr	O	One bullet grazed the shoulder , but another lodged in his spine .
tr	O	Might have been a wrong number , but I think that 's unlikely .
te	O	He was upset , and they were leaving .
tr	O	Time was passing quickly but there was no sign of the Morning Star .
tr	O	None of the others would know what happened , and she imagined none of his mates would feel particularly sorry to see him gone .
tr	O	I look over at him and even though it 's hard I hold his gaze .
tr	O	The door to 3c was open , but I knocked before entering .
tr	O	We couldn 't even bury Olivia , but she had the coins with her .
va	O	I still haven 't attained Ambience and I know nothing of spells of Release except the hand movements required to invoke them .
tr	O	The tobacco tasted sour in his mouth , and he still felt too worn out to care .
va	O	Her eyes opened halfway but she didn 't answer .
va	O	She went to sleep with brown eyes , and when she woke at dawn to the howling of wolves , her left eye was blue .
te	O	She didn 't want to know more specifics , and she tried to move back into the house .
tr	O	Several powerful blows were absorbed by the sax , and Ambrose 's left wrist ached from the impacts .
tr	O	That poor kid was strung out on purpose and we all chose to ignore it -- all of us .
tr	O	My fingers grasped the cool cast-iron lip of the antique tub , and I felt hands tighten around my wrist .
tr	O	Savitar waved his hand and on the far wall images appeared .
