tr	PAST	They thundered past with shouts and whistles , paying her no attention , intent on their quarry ahead .
te	PAST	She washed her face and rinsed out her mouth .
tr	PAST	I writhed , unable to control what he did to me .
tr	PAST	He snaked his other arm around her and touched her shoulder .
tr	PAST	His face was gaunt , his eyes shadowed .
tr	PAST	The wolves circled him , snarling , before they too made their move .
tr	PAST	Setting her plate on the counter by the sink , Eve exited out the kitchen door and sat on the cement stoop .
tr	PAST	He would have chased him down our dirt road with his rifle .
tr	PAST	His glass shattered on the sidewalk and someone yelled something in French .
tr	PAST	"Even if I tell him nothing , he will find you , "" Renfield 's voice heightened with fear as he turned to the grey wolf ."
tr	PAST	 Mmm ,  Julia grunted .
tr	PAST	The sunny street dimmed as the words took on sense .
te	PAST	Now , it mortified her even more .
tr	PAST	 You angling to be my next leading lady ? 
tr	PAST	The dome stretched upward for three stories , Rue estimated .
te	PAST	"The President stated simply with authority , "" It is appropriate ."
tr	PAST	Whispering his name , I sought to deepen the contact , to take his delightful tongue into my mouth and kiss him until forever .
tr	PAST	She recovered quickly , Rich noted .
tr	PAST	Daniel sniffed the air and got to his feet .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately my fair skin glowed faintly red in the black underworld , even in shadow .
tr	PAST	Fintan elbowed Zack who was staring .
tr	PAST	"Whoever inherited your father 's title , for instance ? """
tr	PAST	His breath tickled inside her ear .
tr	PAST	She cursed them , wishing for the strength her mother held , or that of Lizzy .
va	PAST	Genie eyed the long tables in the center of the room , hoping they wouldn 't be dining at one of those .
tr	PAST	I pondered whether to be grateful , angry , or downright mortified .
tr	PAST	Sparkling red liquid swirled inside .
va	PAST	Except Auntie Dagmar , but she was never around when their friends visited .
va	PAST	Nigel thanked the landlady with a thousand on the way out .
tr	PAST	Lex motioned Ricky to follow and they did their best commando stealth moves up the trail to lay on a ridge and crawl up to peer over .
tr	PAST	But DNA testing on tissue that survived her death conclusively proved that she was not related to the Romanovs in any way .
va	PAST	Her voice slurred as if she were drunk .
tr	PAST	The door cracked open , and Garrett cautiously walked into the room .
va	PAST	Damon groped for his jacket behind him , found it , and wished that his groping for his sense of humor could be as successful .
te	PAST	He collected the cash that the fat man had left and stuffed it into the register .
tr	PAST	Though they were his queen and princesses , in those wedding preparations , he ruled supreme .
tr	PAST	Rings , necklaces , bracelets and bands of gold and silver , studded with precious stones , adorned fingers , necks , arms and wrists .
tr	PAST	Deciding it was probably best if she supervised Kyle 's little ghost hunt , Grace motioned for them to precede her to the stairwell .
tr	PAST	Thoughts of betrayal flooded my mind and wrenched my heart as I gave way to chasing her fading figure deeper into the darkness .
tr	PAST	Not that he was slumming it , I reflected , driving down the long street .
tr	PAST	More footsteps charged after their room .
tr	PAST	Instead , it revealed a horror far worse than anything I ever could have imagined .
tr	PAST	 If I get the part ,  Jackson countered with a small smile .
tr	PAST	I see her turn to Jada , hand extended in greeting .
tr	PAST	The four horses trudged along the muddy road , riders huddled beneath their cloaks , shoulders hunched against the wind .
tr	PAST	Miranda squinted with her thickly caked lashes .
tr	PAST	Meg giggled at the expression on my face .
tr	PAST	His reddened cheeks revealed his embarrassment but he was loosening up .
tr	PAST	For example , I created the acronym VIRUS to stand for Virtually Identical Replicating Unit System .
tr	PAST	When he only laughed at her , she stomped away muttering to herself .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as I began to grind up against him .
tr	PAST	Kane attempted to lunge for the picture .
tr	PAST	We cheered , whistled and whooped .
tr	PAST	" They all claimed he 'd come to a bad end , all right .
tr	PAST	 You 're right , "" he caved ."
tr	PAST	I stole over to the door as quietly as possible and pressed the handle down .
te	PAST	 Oh , wow ,  Abby exclaimed , sounding amazed .
tr	PAST	 Your armies ,  Anon persisted .
tr	PAST	This enjoyment strengthened his resolve to be far more patient while he made her understand and brought about her taming .
va	PAST	A plastic diver trudged along the bottom , trailing bubbles .
tr	PAST	Smoke , fire , more sensed than seen .
tr	PAST	He neared the city walls , noting with an element of suspicion that they were unguarded .
te	PAST	He swiped one long talon at the nearest wall , digging a trough through stone as though cutting butter with a cleaver .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance and noticed that the blonde had retrieved a key from underneath a grill top .
te	PAST	 Mrs Stannard , please be careful ,  James urged .
tr	PAST	He tumbled onto pine needle cushioned ground , in a tangle of hemp cord .
tr	PAST	Hayes motioned to his two associates who fanned across the room .
va	PAST	She flicked her fringe away from her face , revealing her dark brown eyes .
va	PAST	He quietly unfolded to his feet .
tr	PAST	Two hundred lancers of her personal bodyguard assured her safety .
tr	PAST	Minutes slowed as the world seemed to stretch out to infinity in front of him but on Jack raced , refusing to give up .
tr	PAST	"He claimed he wanted those things , too . """
va	PAST	She cringed when he lowered to her groin and inhaled there too .
tr	PAST	"That won her another irritated look , and Eric said quickly , "" I don 't need coffee . """
tr	PAST	In turn , the light they generated revealed walls covered with marvelous tapestries , extravagant paintings , and intricate sculptures .
tr	PAST	Breedlove had doubted that Mrs Harris even knew what sadness was .
te	PAST	As a babe he wriggled in the cradle of her arms , basking in the warmth of her smile even as tears fell upon his face .
tr	PAST	When she connected to him when he was captured , she created a special connection and he was seeing what was happening to her .
tr	PAST	She motioned for them to follow and led the way toward the building .
tr	PAST	Her father had frequently told her that her tongue was her worst enemy , Verity reflected as she turned out her light .
tr	PAST	He yawned loudly and then hopped up onto his feet .
tr	PAST	Zeal immediately stomped over , pushing me out of the way to confront the eccentric doctor .
tr	PAST	He punched the cushions of the sofa .
tr	PAST	But the black hole still engulfed them .
tr	PAST	" We received the Athena 's transmission several hours ago but had to verify the electronic signature .
tr	PAST	Walt identified that vague gnawing sensation on the side of his head as pain and lifted his hand to it .
tr	PAST	The shadowy figures rustled in the darkness again .
tr	PRES	Realm chuckles , lowering his arm from my shoulders .
tr	PAST	She willed Kip Rayburn to give his wife a sign that he would stand beside her .
tr	PAST	 Ya named it yet ? """
tr	PAST	But Papa rarely smoked the aromatic cigars anymore .
tr	PAST	He never acted repulsed or impatient with her .
te	PAST	He received more than enough of the drug to ensure a successful experiment .
tr	PAST	"Are you lost , or has your boat quit on you ? """
tr	PAST	Just as he promised , Sam proved himself to be a complete gentleman , happy to keep things decent .
tr	PAST	 Nice ,  I laughed , tip toeing across the gravel so that the stones wouldn 't trip up my three inch heels . .
tr	PAST	Then and there , I pretty much ruled out going to the police unless something else turned up .
tr	PAST	" A damned Welsh shepherd , for God 's sake !
tr	PAST	 Neg "" reported Weapons , "" they are only primitive creatures and pose no danger to this unit "" ."
tr	PAST	He tugged the laces that held up her sweatpants .
tr	PAST	 I 'm okay ,  I gritted out , clenching my jaw to keep my teeth from chattering .
tr	PAST	I fiddled through her makeup kit while she greeted a few fans in the hallway .
tr	PAST	 I even pinched myself to make sure . 
tr	PAST	I taught him to fence .
tr	PAST	Susan adjusted her skirt and heard the sound of playing coming from the living room .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened as he stopped beside her and brushed the hair from her eyes with a feather-light touch , tucking the strands behind her ear .
tr	PAST	As they shook , Roy scanned his surroundings .
tr	PAST	For a few seconds , the river flowed by peacefully , and then the camera swung violently downstream .
tr	PAST	He clutched onto the edge of the desk , digging his nails into the wood .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes twinkled briefly before she shrugged and returned to the cupboard to pull out plates .
tr	PAST	She crawled over to her closet and started pulling things out .
tr	PAST	Gresham stomped past the girls and tossed two large cloth bags to them , each containing a long list of provisions .
tr	PAST	The room exploded around her and swirled away as if it were being sucked into a black hole .
te	PAST	"Define ' complicated . ' """
te	PAST	His face , so breathtaking , revealed nothing of his thoughts .
tr	PAST	He gulped and nodded .
va	PAST	"I inhaled the sweet aroma of the fare and commented , "" Umm , that smells good . """
tr	PAST	Drops of water traveled along it against gravity , before trickling down a stalactite .
tr	PAST	She circled him with her tongue then took an inch of him in her mouth , withdrew , and licked the sides of him again .
tr	PAST	He glided his tongue over her lips , dipped between them , tasted her entire mouth .
te	PAST	Fear clutched his stomach , like the time his father had pointed a loaded gun at him , dead drunk .
tr	PAST	Sharp spikes of pain lanced through my chest and I felt my heart breaking for him .
tr	PAST	And then the wind faltered , and gave way to a throbbing silence .
va	PAST	But even more irritating , he acted as if he had every right to venture where he pleased in her space .
tr	PAST	They trusted each other , rarely fought , and she loved him .
tr	PAST	She mopped up the coffee with firm , angry strokes .
va	PAST	He blamed himself for accidentally alerting the clinic during his attempt to hack the last firewall , and for exposing Lisa .
tr	PAST	So in June , we toasted Judy Garland and Dorothy Sayers .
tr	PAST	His teeth scraped , nipped ; his tongue caressed .
tr	PAST	I whirled around to find the real Patch standing in the fitting room behind me .
te	PAST	 He named me Lissa Beth . 
tr	PAST	Silk squinted toward the door of the tent , beyond which the guards were posted .
tr	PAST	Long shadows dimmed to dusk as the sun set .
te	PAST	Its steady beat matched our steps .
tr	PAST	Jameson scoffed and leaned forward .
tr	PAST	I almost skipped down the stairs .
tr	PAST	Neither of them doubted that they 'd rescue her in the finish .
tr	PAST	The invasion commenced just after taps was played over the loudspeaker , as most just laid down for a night 's rest .
tr	PAST	 Come on ,  Archer urged .
tr	PAST	The three formed a small arc between the rest of the party and the tunnel entrance .
va	PAST	She scoffed and walked off .
va	PAST	 A striptease and a blow job then ,  he countered .
te	PAST	" You pull the tag off the windshield and put it in the foil packet they mailed it in .
tr	PRES	Jacqueline and Patrick glanced at each other , their looks quizzical .
tr	PRES	 You belong with us . """
tr	PAST	 I 'm trying to forget my insanity phase , if you don 't mind ,  he joked .
tr	PAST	 I like what you 've done with the place ,  the German chancellor joked .
tr	PAST	" I sort of quit .
tr	PRES	 General , continue as planned ; total neutrality on this end until further developments occur ."
tr	PAST	 No ,  she argued , setting her elbow on the windowsill and her head in her hand .
tr	PAST	His hands glided down her back and over her thighs .
tr	PAST	She stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	And therein lied a built-in lesson for students on frugality .
tr	PAST	He doubted he could even feed himself at this point .
te	PAST	She stiffened and looked casually to her right , where the machete lay next to the fire .
tr	PAST	For this , I trusted him implicitly .
te	PAST	The door inched open wider .
tr	PAST	The overstuffed billfold fanned cash along the concrete .
tr	PAST	We skipped stones across the creek , which sounds dumb but it wasn 't .
tr	PAST	Time crawled along with what seemed to Daniel very little progress .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth 's heart froze in her chest .
tr	PAST	But she doubted she could convince him .
tr	PAST	 A Painted House  And to my left , cutting low through the cotton and escaping like a thief , was Cowboy .
tr	PAST	 Actually , he knows that he 's being watched ,  Aaron stated looking a little sheepish .
tr	PAST	The wind pierced my clothes , breathing like frost against my skin .
va	PAST	He charged out from behind the rock and attacked the horse in one of the few places without armor .
va	PAST	Emma unfolded the dress and held it in front of her .
tr	PAST	I pretended to think on it for a minute as he walked back to his chair .
tr	PAST	The lad 's face brightened a little when Liam asked for another drink and a basket of fried onions to be brought over to his new table .
va	PAST	His eyes glowed with pure , intense red , like the eyes of a nightmarish jungle cat staring from the gloom at the intruder into his territory .
tr	PAST	Zane rounded the pile of equipment as the photographer walked over to the camera .
tr	PAST	Bern limped over to rest of the stack of walls .
tr	PAST	He quit his job to launch his own business .
tr	PAST	She sniffed into a tissue miserably .
tr	PAST	 Do not touch any of them ,  he instructed .
tr	PAST	He flung his hood back revealing a lifeless face with a sunken visage shrouded in a pasty pall .
va	PAST	Kissing his shoulder , she urged him to roll to his back .
te	PAST	Even though I saw an r , I pretended not to .
tr	PAST	Savitar flicked at the talisman around Ambrose 's neck .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and fluttered her lashes .
tr	PAST	Before I knew what I meant to do , I slapped it from the table and lunged from my seat , stomping on the articles .
tr	PAST	I dumped him there to have his sleep out .
tr	PAST	The newcomer saluted them in the old way as he bowed -- one fist to his chest , the other to the small of his back .
tr	PAST	The woman announced with a triumphant little chuckle as she held a cell phone above her head .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked my body , causing the blankets to stick to my skin .
tr	PAST	Denis regarded me coolly .
te	PAST	My legs ache , but in the most wonderful way .
tr	PAST	Wulf reloaded his clip and fired more rounds .
tr	PAST	The evidence piled up and he forgot about sleep .
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side , wondering what the heck was wrong with them .
tr	PAST	A short distance away , she eyed a grove of low-growing trees surrounded by bushes , reminding her of a duck blind hidden for maximum effect .
tr	PAST	I dreamed it was tearing its way out of me .
tr	PAST	 I love him so much ,  she sobbed , unable to conceal her true emotions .
tr	PAST	Heat lamps glowed in the corners of the patio , casting a blanket of warmth that took the edge off the evening chill .
tr	PAST	 Where does that sound familiar ,  Lizzie pondered tapping her lower cheek .
va	PAST	He then untied the rope from his waist and tied it off to a column before pulling himself back to the pool .
tr	PAST	Thomas had frightened her then as they paused to regain their breath on a little rock platform deep in a fissure .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	Her assessment no longer hinged on the fact that she saw Chan .
va	PAST	I measured their responses to that .
tr	PAST	Liam gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Price stated that he had lots of acne scars .
te	PAST	 Yet , you hired him . 
tr	PAST	 Who would I have confided in ? 
tr	PAST	The otter jolted upright to attention and then watched as Tarik walked to the wall where the others had started their race .
tr	PAST	This is futile , Auron pondered .
te	PAST	 I always treated my father 's servants with respect and kindness . 
tr	PAST	My face flushed and heated .
tr	PAST	the other girl inquired .
tr	PAST	Silence buzzed in his ears .
tr	PAST	Each one exploded in a mess of flying tissue and metal .
tr	PAST	 Nice shot ,  Morton gritted .
tr	PAST	Nothing in him revealed what he was thinking with her accusation .
tr	PAST	He pretended to feel it .
tr	PAST	 They won 't mind ,  she assured him .
tr	PAST	She sought the right words , the right feelings ... Do not !
tr	PAST	I cowered in the corner , my knees pressed against my chest .
tr	PAST	The whimpering ceased and Franz tensed up .
te	PAST	He droned on and I had to resist the urge to whisper to Rigel , Smith ?
tr	PAST	Catriona just stares at him with contempt .
tr	PAST	I stepped outside , my pistol clutched in my hands .
te	PAST	 Oh , Luke , I love you so much I ache with it ,  she revealed , reaching for him .
tr	PAST	She reversed the footage and clicked through more slowly , frame by frame .
tr	PAST	The pilot announced on the overhead speaker that we would make out descent soon .
tr	PAST	he motioned to a Fairy behind her .
te	PAST	A hand clutched his wrist .
te	PAST	 You didn 't tell me this before ,  Alec accused .
tr	PAST	Marius uttered foreign curses under his breath and tossed the gun into the back seat next to Haven .
tr	PAST	His eyes flickered to the clock on the mantelpiece .
tr	PAST	Julie froze at the fringe of the trees , unsure what to do .
tr	PAST	He prodded one with a forefinger , yelled , and jumped back .
te	PAST	His heart leaped again at the thought , and he tasted bile in his throat .
tr	PAST	I swipe my palms over my jeans .
tr	PAST	The sea monster whistled and dived , chasing them , letting them escape , flicking spray into the air .
tr	PAST	I fled from Taylor 's quarters out into the hall .
tr	PAST	She tuned to the early morning news as she always did .
tr	PAST	We prayed for him every single night .
tr	PAST	Before she was able to reach him , he redirected her once more through the home 's backyard entrance with a piercing glare .
tr	PAST	Slater untangled himself from the blonde and followed me out the door .
tr	PAST	But she dared not .
tr	PAST	And all thought of anything else fled his mind .
tr	PAST	Energy barriers prevented objects from being knocked or thrown off .
tr	PAST	"Ethan staggered to the door , "" Open it . """
tr	PAST	The nurses motioned towards the bed again .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in her lap and stared straight ahead .
tr	PAST	 You lied to me . 
tr	PAST	Instead of violence , though , they embraced .
tr	PAST	Since I didn 't know what else to do , I propped myself on the edge of the desk .
tr	PAST	I caressed the scar on his hand and snuck in as many kisses as I could before nightfall .
tr	PAST	In the darkness that surrounded her , she feared even a curious glance would be dangerous .
tr	PAST	Tear drops plopped onto her legs .
tr	PAST	He taped it off inside the fuel cap , and replaced the cap to conceal his treachery .
tr	PAST	As I obviously couldn 't see the keys , I attempted to memorized her hand movements .
tr	PAST	The Court scribbled his sentence on the parchment , and then picked up his stamp .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in fury at his grip , and struggled to be free .
te	PAST	A wave of nausea assaulted him as he struggled to his feet .
tr	PAST	The men hollered and shouted , bouncing off one another as they gathered their packs and did up their boots and coats in preparation .
tr	PAST	"If you do not survive , you doom her to death , or at best a half life . """
tr	PAST	The heavy ice weighed down on him .
tr	PAST	* * * Julia pet her sister 's dog over and over , as if the animal might have a calming effect .
tr	PAST	"Servants of the rich handed over cards stamped "" Exception "" at the high-security back door loading dock and filled their vans with an abundance of food ."
tr	PAST	As Billy rolled up his sleeves , Ned shuffled up .
tr	PAST	Every time I saw something in the distance , I tensed and waited .
tr	PAST	It washed over him , causing that static reaction again and made him struggle hide a small shiver that raced down his back .
te	PAST	 Well , well , well ,  a great voice boomed behind her .
tr	PAST	 Vic 's right ,  Oliver chimed in .
va	PAST	she exclaimed louder , and then it hit me .
tr	PAST	"exclaimed Aunt Marilyn , "" this sure is quite the , um , well , what is it you call this thing , Tim ? """
te	PAST	He served the Corporation , even though he knew they committed horrible acts .
tr	PAST	She wriggled out of my grip a little to turn around and face me .
tr	PAST	They desired to prevent their plight , but , a challenge obstructed their way in the form of a Citadel and an army .
tr	PAST	His gaze scanned over me and then he lifted me up , not even bothering to put me on my feet .
tr	PAST	My focus wavered , eyes wanting to open .
tr	PAST	" When you picked up the child , you kidnapped a woman and a man ?
te	PAST	Concern flickered in Seth 's eyes , and it was odd seeing that .
te	PRES	She winces and reaches back with stiff limbs to touch her blood soaked hair .
te	PAST	Jake savored a little rush of satisfaction .
te	PRES	Sounds louder , smells so intense I could taste them .
te	PAST	The ball pinged off the pink stonewall and began to ricochet around the lower floor .
te	PRES	Thankfully the moonlight reflects of the snow and gives some visibility .
te	PRES	Every day , her belly grows , and we get one day closer .
te	PRES	Changing tires in the rain sucks .
te	PRES	Everything grows quiet except for what 's inside my head .
te	PAST	Yet ...  Agnes and Paul leant forwards ."
tr	PAST	As Gabriel made genuine appeals of policy change and a promise to clean up corruption , Smith countered with mudslinging .
tr	PAST	Alexander and I sold all of our belongings , property , and booked passage to New York .
tr	PAST	Ship interfered and this power resulted .
va	PAST	At an invitation from the king he piled eggs and bacon onto a slice of bread to make a breakfast sandwich .
tr	PAST	He grunted , dropped the now incapacitated soldier , and sat abruptly clutching his calf .
tr	PAST	"Your father operated on me , and , I must say , he did a mighty good job . """
te	PAST	The look in his eyes as his expression crumbled .
va	PAST	They shrank back as if the very devil was confronting them .
tr	PAST	Keeley stiffened and looked away , though it was stupid .
tr	PAST	The primitive settlements provided subsistence living for the Slav inhabitants .
tr	PAST	Every bit of insouciance fled and he felt as if he 'd been slammed in the gut .
tr	PAST	Julian dared to raise his voice to his father .
tr	PAST	How they anticipated shipping out to kill the enemy .
tr	PAST	"You stole my boyfriend ! """
tr	PAST	And not a single one of you uttered a word in my defense .
tr	PAST	Seems the security team busted the pickpocket ring that had been nicking chips left and right from tables all over town .
tr	PAST	He caressed my scalp with languid strokes , guiding , encouraging , urging me on .
tr	PAST	Walters motioned for him to go ahead .
tr	PAST	Chris 's white teeth sparkled as he smiled down at her .
tr	PAST	An arterial spray of blood painted the wall red behind them .
tr	PAST	A shadow crept across Dunk 's face as the sun was swallowed by a cloud .
te	PAST	Bill chimed in , grinning at Adam .
te	PAST	As we stood there , kissing , another wave crashed against Dean 's back .
tr	PAST	We fanned out from there to see if others were around .
tr	PAST	"He created all of this , everything we have in Wayward Pines . """
tr	PAST	Gherkin tapped his finger against his jaw .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked towards the affected spot .
tr	PAST	Julian shuffled across the room and sat beside her .
te	PAST	So I quit working for him , and I started making weapons and sculptures on my own .
tr	PAST	Maddie plopped down beside him , leaning in and jabbering away .
tr	PAST	Chapter Ten After the tenth knock , Luis crawled out of bed , grabbed his short white bathrobe , and stumbled to his front door .
tr	PAST	 Penn Station , New York , final stop ,  the loudspeaker announced .
tr	PAST	 Please ,  he 's saying , his voice urgent , panicked .
tr	PAST	Tonight both people visited the shop impulsively .
tr	PAST	 I named yours Greta . 
tr	PAST	Taking hold of his hair with one hand , I proceeded to pile blows upon his forehead with my fist .
tr	PAST	Thus the author of Beowulf grasped fully the idea of lof or dom , the noble pagan 's desire for the merited praise of the noble .
te	PAST	She stiffened at his words .
tr	PAST	Every cell in my body anticipated Evan 's response . '
te	PAST	His mouth teased her skin while more tingling ripples traveled over her body .
tr	PAST	African porters received U.S. $ 15,000 each in insurance , which seemed trivial until one recognized that African per capita income averaged U.S. $ 180 per year .
tr	PAST	That described it better than anything else .
tr	PAST	The bullet leaped out of the smoking revolver and shot straight towards Cindy .
te	PAST	 Nope , I forbid it . 
va	PAST	Suzy froze , hardly able to believe what her eyes were telling her .
te	PAST	Just as I was about to go to him , he flopped down on the bed .
tr	PAST	 This type of enchantment required much planning , and Varia and her conspirators would hardly leave the critical components around at your disposal . 
tr	PAST	 Now you know how that poor woman felt ,  Boone seethed in anger .
te	PAST	 No , we just stole it and took it for a joy ride . 
tr	PAST	The squat face split into a sugary smile .
tr	PAST	She looked at Nate again , her feeling of annoyance washed away by a wave of protectiveness .
tr	PAST	When she met Sebastian , she trusted him from the very beginning .
te	PAST	I grunted as I entered her quickly .
tr	PAST	 I kind of picked that up about you right off ,  he announced with a grin .
tr	PAST	Katie hooked her arm through mine and pulled me along .
te	PAST	His words mirrored the ones used in the first note the killer left her : Sutton 's dead .
tr	PAST	He treated her with respect .
tr	PAST	asked Daisy , her voice so hushed that a snowflake landing on her shoulder could well have drowned it out .
tr	PAST	 Cresta ,  Casper whispered , his eyes wide .
tr	PAST	It only lacked her signature .
tr	PAST	She acknowledged this with another grunt , and he slid the door closed and hurried away .
tr	PAST	His voice touches my ear , causing me to shudder .
tr	PAST	With every stroke , warm tendrils of sensation swirled across my chilled skin .
tr	PAST	I cinched the drawstring as tight as it would go .
tr	PAST	His canines extended and his eyes flashed dangerously at Declan 's taunting .
tr	PAST	Gloria cringed in embarrassment .
tr	PAST	They crouched , listening .
tr	PAST	" Will ya quit asking that ?
tr	PAST	Madame petted the creature fondly .
tr	PRES	He presents the wild flowers as I sit inside the saddle on Apollo 's back .
tr	PAST	He stuffed both his hands in his pockets .
tr	PAST	As dusk deepened Mariposa extracted the last stinger from the human 's right ear lobe .
tr	PRES	This time he points his eyes at the floor and puts his hands in his pockets .
tr	PAST	I charged her with my baton ready to strike before she adjusted and gained strength .
tr	PRES	' It creeps in , ye ken .
tr	PAST	She crouched down next to him and told him his father was just teasing him .
tr	PRES	He removes his hand from my mouth and opens the drawer so I can remove my fingers .
tr	PAST	Kincaid 's mouth curved faintly and his eyes glittered with an unnatural excitement .
tr	PAST	Snowy static replaced McGee 's voice .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my backpack on my shoulder as I walked across the pavement towards the canopied baggage claim .
tr	PAST	I eyed the weathered paint , sloped awning , and paper-thin construction .
tr	PAST	In a space labeled Make of Vehicle he scrawled Rolls-Royce .
tr	PRES	Beast stands above her , growling down into her face .
tr	PRES	But the fear in her eyes practically reaches in and crumbles my spirit into twisted up bits .
tr	PAST	 Got other plans ."
va	PAST	He dared not think of Raven and how weak she was .
tr	PAST	 An excellent den ,  she observed .
tr	PAST	My memory resurrected his words .
tr	PAST	He lingered for a moment , debating what to do next .
tr	PAST	No children -- though his wife blamed her two miscarriages on their arguments and his verbal abuse .
tr	PAST	I scurry from area of cover to area of cover -- usually just bodies or broken crypts -- as visibility begins to waver .
tr	PAST	Isaac resumed his spot at the podium with a bounce in his step .
va	PAST	"So I solved the problem by proposing to him . """
tr	PAST	Brand awoke in the light of a blazing fire .
tr	PAST	Beaming , I practically skipped to the bathroom , which was more the size of a locker room .
tr	PAST	A corner of her mouth tipped up .
tr	PAST	Golden writhed in pain from the attack , twisting his feet towards Jake , and the rifle 's business end towards Donny .
tr	PAST	 So ,  he joked , attempting to lighten the mood .
tr	PAST	Patrick slapped William 's back a couple of times .
va	PAST	He recalled it from Jackson 's message .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on that instrument tray .
tr	PAST	The steaming water swirled around me when I pressed the button for the Jacuzzi .
te	PAST	It rotated , displaying the glimmer of its various facets .
tr	PAST	Don 't do it , Emma , I urged .
te	PAST	I experienced a shiver of nervousness .
tr	PAST	His smoldering eyes crawled every inch of my body .
tr	PAST	 You only pretended to be asleep . 
tr	PAST	Neither of the young men attempted to resume their conversation .
va	PAST	Jacobs crawled behind the wheel and whirled the truck around , spattering the sheriff with loose gravel and rocks .
tr	PAST	They exploded together , a shattering intensity he would never forget .
tr	PAST	 How many survivors down there ? 
tr	PAST	A sudden thought leaped into Pippin 's mind , and he acted on it at once .
tr	PAST	" No Janet quit the cheer team yesterday .
tr	PRES	 Bloody awful . """
te	PAST	' Pulling a barrow of newspapers around the neighbourhood , blowing a whistle for people to come out and buy .
te	PAST	Her eyes squinted then she nodded her head .
tr	PAST	The cars screeched to a stop by the curb .
te	PAST	His tongue caressed her lips , and she opened her mouth .
tr	PAST	 He abused him or ... ? 
tr	PAST	Nik swirled the liquid in his glass , struggling to remain calm .
tr	PAST	 You 're a medical miracle as it is ,  I exclaimed , walking around the kitchen , throwing my arms in the air .
tr	PAST	I trod heaven in my thoughts , now exulting in my powers , now burning with the idea of their effects .
tr	PAST	I often saluted the wrong people , found the heavy wool uniform tiresome to march in , and asked far too many questions to the instructors .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on it for a moment before roving over the rest of the beach .
te	PAST	More horns blared as other cars struggled to miss the careening automobile .
tr	PAST	The attempted insult , as predicted , resulted with the boy that had spoken casting another quick glance to Simon 's left .
tr	PAST	Wolf lent his head on his fathers shoulder .
tr	PAST	His mother screeched for him to get out of the way , but too late .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the lens on the front as he asked .
tr	PAST	He urged the people to go to confession once a week .
tr	PAST	He never uttered them anyway , so it made no difference .
te	PAST	Several others chimed in .
tr	PAST	My toes bounced up and down , and I started to rock back and forth .
tr	PAST	The mixture of the two fluids transformed into little black snakes , which slithered away behind her .
tr	PAST	Relief shuddered through her until she realized .
tr	PAST	The microelectrodes recorded action generated by individual neurons .
tr	PAST	The animal sensed danger , a predator stalking it .
va	PAST	I quit my job teaching and started singing again last month .
te	PAST	I incline my head towards the sculpture , noting her embarrassment as she picks it up .
te	PAST	He adjusted the bandages covering the stitches on his right arm .
tr	PAST	 I should have never put you on the Elixir ,  he countered .
tr	PAST	 Tylenol doesn 't sit well on my stomach ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	I pretended like I hadn 't heard .
tr	PAST	Hector padded after her and settled down outside the door to wait for her .
tr	PAST	So we charged him with rounding up the Scientist 's forefathers who had reached the critical point of DNA maturation .
tr	PAST	 Hi ,  I pant , leaning slightly over with my hands on my knees .
tr	PAST	 Because I could not bear to see my brother wed to you when he loved another . 
tr	PAST	Chloe cocked her head as she looked at Chase .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something around the duct tape , and that was that .
tr	PAST	Jake eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	The internal office telephone purred softly .
tr	PAST	 Drink it slowly ,  he instructed .
tr	PAST	The neoprene brace she 'd been given in the emergency room provided support but did nothing for the throbbing , aching discomfort she lived with constantly .
tr	PAST	So when I chose your father , they stripped me of my powers and bound me to earth .
tr	PAST	"We never washed the dishes , so we could ' ave a bit of mold every now and then . """
te	PAST	He schooled his features as a thought occurred to him .
tr	PAST	Clementine leveled them off .
te	PAST	The man 's eyes flicked around him as he walked , careful , wary and alert .
tr	PAST	Real terror rocked through Terese when she saw Eric teleport right before her eyes .
tr	PAST	He outstretched his arms , but a chill ran down his limbs .
tr	PAST	Seth , Shannon and Ryder dove over the backseat , into the trunk space , and pressed themselves against the window .
tr	PAST	She produced a small box , highly decorated , and pressed it into my hand .
tr	PAST	Skylar , Emily , and Jeremy regarded her with stunned amazement .
tr	PAST	She caressed his face , as though she found something she liked in the scarred , harsh mess of it .
va	PAST	In the distance the loch glistened and shone like silver with nary a ripple to disturb the pristine surface . '
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked to Soren before coming back to Aria .
tr	PAST	I eyed it on the desk .
tr	PAST	I leaped out of the chair , tore through the curtain , and got into the driver 's seat .
va	PAST	As he pulled away , he caressed my face with his hand .
te	PAST	He weaved through the empty side streets , taking different routes so they didn 't travel in a straight line .
va	PAST	Trench walls wept , disintegrating over the shaking people who cowered within them .
tr	PAST	Her head tipped back , exposing the pale , graceful column of her throat , her writhing emotions dissolving into bliss .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and I shook it .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the letter and braced himself to begin .
tr	PAST	Slowly , and with more control than I realized he possessed , he extended his fangs to her .
tr	PAST	He whisked them away , leaving everything behind .
tr	PAST	He created a damp path down the side of her neck and up to her ear , where he paused and nibbled the lobe with his teeth .
tr	PAST	Then she topped off the salad with olives and set it on the table .
tr	PAST	Conversation swirled from Kelly 's law school plans and her work at the legal aid clinic to Jack 's latest investments .
tr	PAST	"An ancient , mythical land that was supposedly more advanced than the rest of the world or something . """
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , very puppy like behavior I thought , as he considered what I was offering .
tr	PAST	Blood flowed more rapidly from the wound as soon as she pulled the tweezers away .
tr	PAST	Before Ken could shout an objection , the ball exploded against the house .
va	PAST	Without warning , they barreled through .
tr	PAST	I swiped a finger across the screen of the phone and moved to the edge of the bed .
tr	PAST	 Lila , I -  She 'd held up her hand , silencing me .
tr	PAST	They zeroed in on the frozen flower box that decorated my windowsill .
tr	PAST	The interior blasted them with heat from the magma chambers beneath them , forcing the Carpathians to regulate their temperature .
va	PAST	Crowds parted to allow him to pass .
te	PAST	I loop the reins around a nearby branch and begin to move quietly through the trees toward the house .
tr	PAST	Garnet 's attitude softened somewhat as he saw the crestfallen expression on Chin 's face as he realised that he was being dismissed .
va	PAST	 You wish ,  Bash countered softly .
tr	PAST	And , in any case , I trusted that most of the humans would not wish us harm any more .
tr	PAST	He defended the serial killer that she had been writing about .
tr	PAST	I faltered the last few steps over the line and fell upon my knees .
tr	PAST	 I lied . 
tr	PAST	Without the muffling effect of that skin , her teeth produced a loud click as she hungrily chomped at the air .
tr	PAST	Kara bounced around and tried this piece of jewelry with her dress and that piece of jewelry and tied it with her other accessories .
tr	PAST	Nelly carefully measured a square of greased paper against a pan and cut it to fit the bottom .
te	PAST	The man jiggled coins in his pocket .
te	PAST	He smashed through the crops , twisting and breaking along the way .
tr	PAST	Paul assured her that he was clear on her terms .
tr	PAST	Sharon accompanied her back to the house so she could fill Jason in .
va	PAST	When you told me you wanted to destroy the Dark , I trusted in you then .
tr	PAST	"My family ruled when the Romans skewered these barbarians on their spears ! """
tr	PAST	Her warm sigh caressed his neck .
va	PAST	"Holly giggled and said sarcastically , "" Oh no !"
tr	PAST	Walking a straight line proved to be impossible .
tr	PAST	She moaned softly , and he broke the kiss .
tr	PAST	Kara reclined in the chair .
te	PAST	After dinner , Mrs. Herron proposed dancing , and I offered to play .
te	PAST	Something terrible radiated from Durante .
tr	PAST	He nearly destroyed Pate in that moment .
tr	PAST	They marveled at the cleanliness of the market and how friendly everyone was .
tr	PAST	Panting , he collapsed at her side and drew her close .
tr	PAST	They ruthlessly dealt with the enemies and took slaves to further his kingdom .
tr	PAST	Just then , Mike 's cell phone pinged .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't just a little slap either , and he rocked back in his saddle , his eyes slightly glazed .
tr	PAST	I sensed that this was one of the reasons they disliked humans so much .
tr	PAST	"He painted insane asylums and scenes that are terrifying . """
tr	PAST	The thought jolted my eyes open and I was glad to see my vision was clear .
tr	PAST	The Vietnamese war between the North and South produced no real winner other than the North becoming united under some form of communist government .
tr	PAST	 Yes , that would be a very good idea ,  she concurred .
te	PAST	I 've actually thanked God for sending him to you .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the handle but Ian held the door fast .
tr	PAST	Talon snarled at him .
tr	PAST	Navarre inhaled deeply and leaned back into his chair .
va	PAST	They spotted me , so I did the only sane thing I could think of .
tr	PAST	The school provided shampoo and conditioner , of course , but she wouldn 't trust her precious hair with anything so commonplace .
va	PAST	"My men assured me they saw you safely home . """
tr	PAST	He plunged into the store .
tr	PAST	Damien crawled the few feet separating them and brushed his fingers against Nic 's .
tr	PAST	I clutched my throat .
te	PAST	He attempted it while the idiots stood outside of the bathroom while he supposedly bathed .
tr	PAST	Primitive , sniffed Aunt Tatiana .
tr	PAST	It clutched his heart and strangled the words that came flooding to his throat .
va	PAST	Most vampires shrank from drinking from the dead .
tr	PAST	 Brief me doctor ,  he stated angrily .
te	PAST	I was about to give up and leave the store , my belief in the Moleskine defeated , when I felt a tap on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	"They tasted like summer grass and cool water . """
tr	PAST	I awoke with a wheezing gasp and Veronique 's question playing over and over in my head .
te	PAST	Wilhelmina 's eyes flicked toward Daemon .
tr	PAST	Before man invented the rifle , the tiger flourished .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through my mind at the same time that my stomach dropped through the soles of my feet .
tr	PAST	The lift jolted into life , and Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall .
tr	PAST	The woman shrugged , seeming stumped as well .
tr	PAST	He licked his lips like he had a foot fetish .
tr	PAST	He toyed with her opening , dipping his finger into the moisture pooled there .
tr	PAST	Two guys chattered about kiteboarding in Puerto Rico .
tr	PAST	When the plain wooden casket was covered with earth , they recited the final prayer , the special Kaddish recited at the side of the grave .
va	PAST	I received several texts from Jackson throughout the day , checking to see how I was and making sure Craig was being my shadow .
tr	PAST	Zane grunted quietly before lowering himself to hold Ty closer and speed his thrusts .
tr	PAST	I inquired , like a gothic Nancy Drew .
tr	PAST	After the waitress delivered their food , Miranda shuffled her food nervously .
tr	PAST	I pretended he wasn 't there , but in truth , I felt him more than ever , as if there were an invisible string connecting us .
tr	PAST	Daniel flicked aside the hair on his wrist .
tr	PAST	She scooted her chair up next to Shotgun and took his arm .
tr	PAST	Magic surged out of him along with acidic jealousy .
tr	PAST	The pain in Della 's voice matched the pain Kylie felt for Derek .
tr	PAST	That comment produced an involuntary smile .
tr	PAST	From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood .
tr	PAST	"He regarded Lucius silently for a moment , then tilted his chin and said , "" Are you all right ? """
tr	PAST	The bus rumbled to a stop .
tr	PAST	The engine roared to life .
tr	PAST	 That 's right ,  Colin urged .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , striving for patience .
tr	PAST	Ashe eyed the syringe with distrust .
te	PAST	"Jonathan said , "" yes , yes , "" periodically as he spoke to Tom , but he looked at my face as he fingered me ."
tr	PAST	Forte immediately smashed open the door and charged inside .
tr	PAST	The three of us linked together and threaded our way to the dimly lit kitchen in the back .
tr	PAST	Beside Gemma , Cole stiffened , but she didn 't notice because she was lost in the past .
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve back down .
tr	PAST	As the water , now in the form of coffee , was sucked back down into the pot , I regained consciousness .
tr	PAST	Someone stole someone else 's boyfriend , someone was selling their ADHD medication , and three boys were busted stealing the school flag .
tr	PAST	Jared 's eyes stroked over me , resting a beat longer on the back of my bare thigh .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his top shirt and took it off .
te	PAST	I tipped back the glass of cold San Miguel and swallowed half of it in one go .
va	PAST	No one dared , especially not here .
tr	PAST	Wanting to leave him and everything that went with him in the past , my movements became rushed , panicked almost , as our kiss intensified .
tr	PAST	Upon opening the antique mahogany armoire in Patch 's bedroom , my frantic search slowed .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through her collection of CDs .
tr	PAST	His pace slowed down .
tr	PAST	People hating him even as they basked in the safety he provided .
tr	PAST	The dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers , while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect .
tr	PAST	A part of me yearned to reach out to him , to see if he was okay , but my family talked me out of it .
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn and wondered where Robert was .
tr	PAST	 An elaborate ruse , perhaps ? 
va	PAST	"She earned her freedom . """
tr	PAST	Not noticing the amount she put into the mug , she dumped full spoons of sugar into the murky brown liquid .
va	PAST	She withdrew it from her handbag beneath the table .
tr	PAST	Thirty pallets of copper wire awaited him in South Carolina then on to the Wolverine state .
tr	PAST	"It 's the only way Sal will let us kiss whenever we want to in the office , "" he joked ."
tr	PAST	He stomped forward and shoved me in anger .
va	PAST	Grinning , she exited the van 's passenger door and entered the cold Dallas night .
tr	PAST	I steadied my gun and fired .
tr	PAST	My eyes bulged and the room went silent , waiting for my reaction .
te	PAST	Darcy squinted , - the sunshine bouncing off the road surface was a little too bright .
va	PAST	I padded down the hallway , into the dim stairwell that smelled of sweat and the middle of the night .
te	PAST	At three o ' clock Dad rumbled down the steps and entered the family room with a smile on his face .
tr	PAST	My heart leaped in my throat .
va	PAST	The next hitter smacked a ball so fast toward first that it hit Alex 's glove before she could track its path .
tr	PAST	 She just got up to use the bathroom ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , perplexed by her continued resistance .
tr	PAST	It reminded me of those Chia pets they advertised around the holidays .
tr	PAST	He never even bothered to glance around to make sure that he was alone .
tr	PAST	"By my transgressions , I stole two turns of work from her . """
tr	PAST	Quinn motioned Tanner forward with the gun before jabbing it back into Kathleen 's side .
tr	PAST	Under a cloudy sky without rain , the students chattered in anticipation like this was rare .
tr	PAST	After about an hour , the man on the bank produced a whistle and blew it .
tr	PAST	"Jac -- "" Fuchs cuffed her , and the exclamation died on her lips ."
tr	PAST	The Grunts around her murmured words of approval , as Charlie stood in the middle of the highway , frustrated yet furious .
tr	PAST	Right now the possibility of long term import profits outweighed the alternatives .
tr	PAST	His heart rumbled hard in his chest when those blue eyes full of questions and longing searched his .
tr	PAST	"And then , invite him to your party . """
te	PAST	Jacob patted my back .
tr	PAST	Protocol dictated the plane would be shot down without delay .
tr	PAST	Meagan squealed with excitement .
tr	PAST	A plan for the afternoon 's entertainment formed .
tr	PAST	Mat flicked his reins , Pips continuing to plod along .
tr	PAST	 I 'm okay ,  she reassured even though she actually felt more than a little weak and breathless .
tr	PAST	' Eddy and Linda have a boy , ' announced Toby to his walking companion .
tr	PAST	"We will redevelop poor neighborhoods , so we care for the little people too , "" the President stated emotionally ."
tr	PAST	The Prince was lying on the couch , feet propped on the TV set , which he 'd dragged closer .
tr	PAST	You denied them the gung-ho Maggie Thatcher they 'd hoped for .
tr	PAST	They tore through the air over everything else and traveled down that long hallway as if Bryson was standing right next to them .
tr	PAST	 I fear I may be the traitor ,  Nell announced quietly .
tr	PAST	" Has he proposed yet ?
tr	PAST	Their conversations on the phone brightened his day in ways he didn 't expect .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me sharply , his eyes flashing .
tr	PAST	The only time her mother 's appearance bothered her was when people speculated about her father .
tr	PRES	You have to take your medicine now ,  Damien begged the frail woman ."
tr	PAST	This enraged him and he shot for one of the guards enlisted to keep watch .
te	PAST	On his third trip around the estate , he halted in a small patch of trees , his hands clenched in frustration .
va	PAST	Then , as he pushed away , he spotted Rachael through the crowd .
tr	PAST	A full moon mating , even more than a full sun ceremony , tended to raise the mating frenzy in others .
tr	PAST	As they walked farther down the tunnel , Tom sensed the man 's presence , his anger radiating down the tunnel .
tr	PAST	 At what cost ? 
tr	PAST	 You stole his truck ! 
va	PAST	She sensed that the time to wake was close at hand .
tr	PAST	Julian cursed as he shook his head disapprovingly .
tr	PAST	The kitchen abruptly lightened as the new bulb screwed into place .
va	PAST	The mansion walls rumbled as they split farther and farther .
tr	PAST	He terminated the call .
va	PAST	Somewhere in that shedding of grief , Samuel withdrew from her mind so that when she stopped crying she felt an emptiness that stunned her .
tr	PAST	The slight smile in his eyes dimmed .
tr	PAST	 I can 't believe that you 're going to your first dance ,  she sniffed .
te	PAST	It wasn 't anything overt , just the subtle differences in her outlook and the way she phrased it .
tr	PAST	 I 'm three ,  he squealed .
tr	PAST	 Eric messed with me . 
tr	PAST	He enquired in a romantic voice .
va	PAST	He feared it and refused to become part of it .
tr	PAST	At the bottom of the bowl , a long curve served as a table .
te	PAST	Nothing she did warranted you running off and fucking a girl half your age .
tr	PAST	His sister-in-law slapped his arm as they turned into the house .
tr	PAST	He strolled along the sandy trail , looking around at his environment .
te	PAST	Julian 's eyes flicked immediately to his brothers and sisters .
tr	PAST	Georgie designed houses and Nathan made trucks and cars .
va	PAST	Will clutched onto his calf from where he lay bloodied on the floor , pulling Sulley back and keeping him from escaping .
tr	PAST	He embraced her , picking her up off the floor and swinging her around .
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged on her lips .
tr	PAST	"The Secretary of Homeland Security received credible evidence of a possible terrorist attack on the city of Houston ... "" Lenora had issued the alert ."
tr	PAST	For the author , one James Randall , now apparently deceased , claimed that this wasn 't an emotional enemy .
tr	PAST	His pocket square matched his tie .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PAST	He clutched at my hand and gripped it tightly .
va	PAST	He intended to make sure he did .
te	PAST	The woman stated a reasonable price .
tr	PAST	" Because it was our inheritance that their family stole .
tr	PRES	I relax my grip around her sweater .
tr	PAST	Elena panicked - oh God , oh God , she thought helplessly - and froze .
tr	PRES	Simon throws up his hands , as though giving up .
tr	PRES	Justine climbs into the passenger side as Emma pulls her seatbelt over her chest .
tr	PAST	A wave of inexplicable horror seized , almost knocking him off his feet .
tr	PRES	 No ... "" She slowly sighs , her chest rising and falling ."
tr	PAST	Paul just stated that according to the monitors , there were only ever three people in the chamber .
tr	PAST	His morning beard rasped the juncture of her neck and shoulder , and then he traced a spine-tingling line down her backbone with one finger .
va	PAST	I wept as I listened to him and watched him .
tr	PAST	 Raise to five hundred ,  he announced .
tr	PAST	Lauren refrained from arguing .
tr	PAST	"And I underestimated Powell . """
tr	PAST	She tipped her head and looked up at him through thick black lashes heavily coated with mascara .
tr	PAST	The redhead immediately eased back .
te	PAST	My heart pounded crazy fast as my gaze bounced from Dr. Roth to Blake , who was sitting in a plastic chair .
tr	PAST	His hair , damp and disheveled , created a rumpled appearance , making him look even sexier than he had earlier .
tr	PAST	Several prowled the water near the edge of his perception , the largest around six or seven feet long .
te	PAST	Norman flicked off the screen , sat back .
tr	PAST	The door sparked with a brief blue light and swung open .
tr	PAST	"John froze , "" You ... know about me ? """
tr	PAST	This represented a change from the old naval tactic of ' crossing the T ' .
tr	PAST	 Well aren 't we cozy ,  he drawled .
te	PAST	' Fair enough , ' he granted , though he was frowning again , not liking this conversation one bit .
tr	PAST	After all , hadn 't her body treated her well ?
tr	PAST	I swirled into her .
tr	PAST	King Baldur 's face paled and his hand dropped .
tr	PAST	And they both collapsed laughing .
tr	PAST	We adjusted ourselves and got in the front just as the crowd from the bar descended .
va	PAST	His hands crawled up her stomach and lifted one breast , then the other to his greedy , hungry mouth .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver , figuring she was going to need a lot more than luck .
tr	PAST	I preferred to leave Gideon out of it .
tr	PAST	" And you , Maren , boldly lied to me this morning .
tr	PRES	 A Seeing Eye dog ? """
tr	PAST	All right , so I lied to him .
tr	PAST	It then crawled onto my hood while I watched , totally transfixed by its actions .
tr	PAST	She slowly unbuttoned her silk blouse , exposing the firmest pair of breasts he had ever seen .
tr	PAST	 You should have listened to me ,  Gary reprimanded Martin .
tr	PAST	A cold wind sang through the trees .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and tilted her chin .
tr	PAST	He faked pulling a knife from his heart , but then winked , and crossed the street to his car - a convertible roadster .
tr	PAST	 Akira Miyamoto ,  Master Kitsune then announced .
tr	PAST	Blake motioned for Gail , Clark , and Jacobs to follow .
tr	PAST	She skipped down the rest of the steps .
tr	PAST	"I vomited for three days afterwards . """
tr	PAST	A lamp shattered , fortunately not on her .
tr	PAST	She squinted at me , trying to see through her puffy eyelids , but didn 't seem to notice the pain anymore .
tr	PAST	' I 'm sorry , we 're full up , ' the driver lied .
va	PAST	" Eventually they succeeded in planting enough of the vampire blood into a human , without changing them completely , or leaving them in the void .
te	PAST	He scooped three , hoisting them over his broad arm .
te	PRES	He was so beautiful , her Luis .
te	PRES	She stays motionless for a second and then nods her head .
te	PAST	Pain sliced through the limb .
te	PRES	Messick pauses for a second and looks at Hoffmann .
te	PRES	Roses , daisies , and I love tulips . "
tr	PAST	Grace winced at the pain she heard behind that simple request .
va	PAST	The red darkness twirled , pierced by bursts of light .
tr	PAST	I pondered , freezing in my place as yet another loud bump resounded from the confines of Oliver 's office .
tr	PAST	His eyes drifted past mine to just over my shoulder , and his smoldering eyes turned to horror .
tr	PAST	Mac pretended to be in more pain than he was .
te	PAST	 He might not have any plans , but I do ,  Dee stated .
tr	PAST	"Therefore , instantly , she reported , "" I 've given them coffee and bagels , told them you called and explained your delay . """
te	PAST	When his fingers touched me , he tensed .
te	PAST	I shuffled to the kitchen , sat down , and told Lola I would drive her to the office today .
tr	PAST	Sarah fiddled with her fingers as she slowly got up to go to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	"I trusted you ! """
tr	PAST	Her head cocked to the side .
te	PAST	Daniel clutched the bag as he waited in line at immigration control .
tr	PAST	She puzzled and intrigued him .
tr	PAST	 We like Sofia ,  Madeline piped up .
tr	PAST	Molloy 's voice carved its way down the table .
tr	PAST	I smacked him upside the head for effect .
tr	PAST	David slowly propped himself up on one elbow and saw the kids from the infield streaming toward him .
tr	PAST	She stiffened when she read the name .
tr	PAST	Instead , her aura expanded , filling the room .
tr	PAST	Mary Jo doubted that anything else could 've been hidden inside that small space .
tr	PAST	Mass produced works of art purchased at Target hung on walls and over the fireplace .
va	PAST	He phoned in on the radio , letting them know it looked clear and that he was going in to question the clerk .
tr	PAST	Wanting to get away from the crowd , she escaped outside and went to sit on the office porch ... to wait .
tr	PAST	London 's lights glowed like jewels around her .
tr	PAST	Sage stiffened under her less than subtle stare .
tr	PAST	" Someone else attempted to ID the body but was unable to do so , not being related .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the door handle and just as I get it open , I see Realm stalking toward the nurse 's station .
tr	PAST	At some point , reason prevailed and they ended the kiss by mutual agreement .
tr	PRES	 You don 't know that , "" I mutter ."
tr	PAST	The door screeched as the warden pushed it open wide .
tr	PAST	The other man extended his hand and Colin shook it .
tr	PAST	Slamming her fist against the mattress , Sheree chided herself for being such a coward .
tr	PAST	Still , I persisted .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the folds and gently knelt , while everyone else remained standing .
va	PAST	He clasped his hands behind his head and gazed in wonder over their new domain .
tr	PAST	 I readied your horse ,  he mumbled , gesturing toward Celine .
va	PAST	Ashleigh silently acknowledged that her opening question was a tad stupid .
tr	PAST	Margaret froze and stared up at the officer .
tr	PAST	 My dad knew you were sending me on vacation ,  Ty stated .
te	PAST	she hollered , as I stood up on the shore .
tr	PAST	Federico mopped his brow .
va	PAST	The faceplate patch bowed outward , but otherwise held firm .
tr	PAST	When she glanced up from the cash register , her eyes darted to the left side of his face .
tr	PAST	A choked sob escaped her and she buried her face in her hands again .
tr	PAST	He squinted at it for a moment , grunted , then looked up at the company .
tr	PAST	I comforted her as best as I could , wiping the tears from her face and patting her back awkwardly .
tr	PAST	Still , despair washed over him .
tr	PAST	The evil doctor grunted and stumbled but quickly regained his footing and lunged again .
tr	PAST	He patted his hand .
tr	PAST	Interestingly enough , he never supported suicide attacks .
tr	PAST	"Danny proved that . """
va	PAST	Lifting his head , he sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	Mira exhaled a short curse .
tr	PAST	 Spear Strike it is . 
tr	PAST	As he pulled it off the shelf it unfolded down to the floor .
tr	PAST	the general approved with a nod .
tr	PAST	I pretended everything was fine and dodged his probing questions , but I knew I hadn 't fooled him .
va	PAST	I exhaled his name , curled my fingers tighter into his hair , and prepared myself for what was going to come next .
tr	PAST	He lingered , warming himself at the hearth of their presence .
te	PAST	My stubbornness pissed him off even more , so he pushed me back on the bed and started screaming at me .
tr	PAST	Carefully poking her head in rooms , she wandered through the empty halls .
tr	PAST	A vicious four-legged creature blocked the way out .
tr	PAST	They created the gap large enough for them to get out .
tr	PAST	" Tomas instructed me to care for you .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked up and widened , meeting mine .
tr	PRES	 We cannot risk something happening to you over foodstuffs , "" I hiss back ."
tr	PAST	John blanched , choked , and glanced around to ascertain whether or not Jen 's remark had been overheard .
tr	PAST	Not a big tree by any means , it still proved heavy enough to effectively render her motionless .
tr	PAST	We inched forward slowly , until we could look over the rim .
tr	PAST	Rose blanched but complied , earning laughter in return from Dimitri .
tr	PAST	Her makeup looks painted on , most especially her hot pink lipstick .
te	PAST	Her steps slowed and her internal warning sirens screamed .
va	PAST	Jumbo further complicated the move by turning his body while holding Joey upside down .
va	PAST	In her hand , her cell phone vibrated , urging her to answer .
tr	PAST	"I printed out reports for all of them , stuffed them into metered school envelopes , and then put then in the mailbox . """
va	PAST	Turning abruptly , Jason stormed back into the house .
tr	PAST	 Hurry ,  I growled and slipped onto the steps , jogging lightly down the walk toward the driveway .
va	PAST	Angus 's voice boomed through the lab .
tr	PAST	My insides froze as I tried not to glance at Luke .
tr	PAST	" A servant reported that supplies were missing .
tr	PRES	She points her finger .
tr	PAST	Joshua and Mister froze in their tracks and waited for the cat to get closer .
tr	PAST	His raised hand anticipated her thought .
tr	PRES	He dropped to his knees , his mouth gaping wide .
tr	PAST	A bottle of bourbon smashed on the ground .
tr	PRES	I fold the paper up and put it back in my bag , then focus my attention on the lone runner .
tr	PRES	He offers his hand and pulls me to my feet .
tr	PRES	 What rendezvous point ? """
tr	PAST	Climbing onto the first step he stomped the snowy residue of salt and sand from his galoshes and swiped his pass .
tr	PAST	It sped away with the bumper hanging to the side .
tr	PAST	I cuffed Jasmine on the shoulder , nearly knocking her over , and reached for my gun .
tr	PAST	You solved the mystery of the Gospel .
va	PAST	The crowd erupted in cheers .
tr	PAST	Fear replaced anger in the professor 's voice .
tr	PAST	Nikolas merely grunted as if to insinuate that Xavier was wasting his life with such distractions .
tr	PAST	The scent of magnolias swirled about them .
tr	PAST	Cheyenne sensed it and wondered if they were sleeping together , but they certainly didn 't let on if they were .
va	PAST	He inched his hand up her bare back .
tr	PAST	 They 've no choice ,  Lucien stated .
tr	PAST	 How many buttons , Mrs. Douglas ? 
tr	PAST	She smoked cigarettes through a filter .
va	PAST	Out of the corner of his eyes , he noted that the Empress was hardly moving .
te	PAST	"It 's blurry , "" He cocked his head , his eyes full of wonder ."
tr	PAST	The reporter outlined Donald Price 's known itinerary .
tr	PAST	I packed up my stuff and got up clumsily as I was still sore and my legs had fallen asleep as I sat for so long .
va	PAST	They represented all genders , sizes , ages and races .
tr	PAST	She lurched away from the arrow slit ; had he seen her ?
tr	PAST	"Such a shame , don 't you think ? """
te	PAST	Jonas padded softly to the wall beside the window .
te	PAST	Chapter Twenty Charlotte I paced around my room trying to make sense of the situation .
tr	PAST	Oliver taxied the plane off the runway .
tr	PAST	Emelia flung the fresh sheet over the bed and dove under it .
tr	PAST	She froze , leaning away from his hot , labored breath .
tr	PAST	 Yes Papa ,  she whispered , the baby puzzled at the sight of them .
te	PAST	My heart rate slowed .
tr	PAST	Mitch stripped his ribs clean and ate half of hers .
tr	PAST	They crawled away as if drawn by the music that was whispered into his ear .
tr	PAST	I untied Jones and we went back to where he was supposed to be and he was gone .
tr	PAST	Jack matched her elation in a masculine way , his sandy hair blowing softly in the Caribbean wind as we finished the last of our dinners .
tr	PAST	Someone phoned a few minutes ago .
tr	PAST	So they glided swiftly on .
tr	PAST	Someone up ahead beeped their horn in frustration and several others joined in , creating a cacophony of noise .
tr	PAST	I tensed up and could barely choke down my scrambled eggs , waiting for whatever it was Aunt Lulu went through all this trouble for .
tr	PAST	I follow him , tears welling in the corners of my eyes as he leaves the store and heads into the parking lot .
tr	PAST	 Come on Tony ,  Alex piped up .
tr	PAST	Hunter unscrewed the seal of the container nearest him and lifted the heavy lid .
tr	PAST	She inquired about his health , asked how things were going in Lafayette , and said she would be there in several hours .
tr	PAST	Iona 's eyes gleamed .
tr	PAST	 I know you were turned off ,  he grunted .
tr	PAST	" The variables , the teen girls , inside your vehicle was not staged .
tr	PRES	My name probably pops up in every conversation at your little meeting . "
tr	PAST	My mother stomped towards me , followed by three guards .
tr	PAST	Most of them , of course , bore in mind the fact that I had been dumped by the most famous playboy in the grade .
tr	PAST	Two people she cared about lied to her about this bizarre fact for weeks .
tr	PAST	Her big , green Reboot eyes glowed in the darkness and she lifted her eyebrows , asking silently how the mission went .
tr	PAST	After a moment of fiddling with the device , the kid extended the pad back to Jeff .
tr	PAST	It charged and began hammering at the bus door .
tr	PAST	Roller skating with church kids one month , doing drugs with criminals and losers the next .
tr	PAST	In this emigration I exceedingly lamented the loss of the fire which I had obtained through accident and knew not how to reproduce it .
tr	PAST	Kennedy attempted a charming grin and jerked his head toward the stand she 'd erected in the front yard .
tr	PAST	Kristin slapped me again , and then a third time .
tr	PAST	His hand still cradled my head , keeping it from hitting the door .
tr	PAST	She smacked my arm playfully .
tr	PAST	" Young girl abused , young girl raped , young girl on the streets .
tr	PAST	You acted as you thought was right . "
tr	PAST	His hands roughly caressed her through the material of her dress , driving her wild in a way only he could .
tr	PAST	I yell out to the guards standing in front of the President 's quarters as I run toward our leader 's door .
te	PAST	Her entire body melted at the feel of his hot breath on her skin .
tr	PAST	She wagged a naughty finger .
tr	PAST	Max 's shoulders slumped .
tr	PAST	It smashed against the stone wall , thousands of pieces of glass cascading down among the red liquid .
tr	PAST	 I 'm finding my own place to stay ,  she announced .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , turning to rush back the way I came .
tr	PAST	 Dave , it 's vital that your company be viewed as an independent contractor ,  Addison advised .
tr	PAST	With her group of friends , she hacked into the database in the intelligence agency and posted the pictures of kittens there .
tr	PAST	Every minute he was gone , my anger intensified .
tr	PAST	I replaced them myself .
tr	PAST	The ceiling lights dimmed considerably as Dormer passed below them , then glowed to full brightness in his wake .
tr	PAST	Brett faltered again , his left arm spreading out for balance as his right one still pointed the kitchen knife at Jake .
tr	PAST	A quake destroyed Masada .
tr	PAST	She wept for him and the suffering he 'd gone through .
tr	PAST	They conducted a meeting first , about the group 's organizational matters .
tr	PAST	"I never realised that -- "" As she 'd known he would , Geoffrey quickly lost interest and cut her off ."
tr	PAST	Jonas 's hand stilled on her foot .
va	PAST	Colorful birds and small , gangly monkeys hopped from tree branch to tree branch in a ballet of jungle life .
tr	PAST	She clutched her doll to her chest , terror raw in her eyes as he lowered her to the surface of the wine .
tr	PAST	Just then a large wave crashed against the shoreline bordering her house , a deafening sound that seemed to shove her words at me even more forcefully .
tr	PAST	Her teeth smacked together .
tr	PAST	 I lied to Jacob and let her charm her way back into his life . 
va	PAST	 See who 's learning French ,  exclaimed her friend .
tr	PAST	Most of her annoyance washed away but not all .
te	PAST	She stared off , her voice dropping low , her hand resting warmly on his arm .
tr	PAST	 Come on ,  I urged .
tr	PAST	In the fantastical stories Karou told in her sketchbooks , Brimstone dealt in wishes .
tr	PAST	The bottoms of jeans soaked black dye from a bucket .
tr	PAST	 Mom , I dreamed about David . 
tr	PAST	Peeling off his gloves , he stomped the light dusting of snow off his boots and knocked on the kitchen door Thursday morning .
tr	PAST	She clung to him , arms and legs , opening for his tongue , for the thrust of his arousal against her heat through their barriers .
tr	PAST	The other part of her dreaded such an event , knowing how badly she had wounded him .
tr	PAST	Nick silently absorbed the enormity of what Gio was saying , even as his brother continued to explain .
tr	PAST	She drugged the soldiers and opened the gate for Cameron 's men . '
tr	PAST	"How ya doin ' , "" his voice boomed through my phone ."
tr	PAST	She snatched them out of the air .
tr	PAST	Mentally organizing the growing list of things he needed to get done proved to be impossible .
tr	PAST	When the year 2000 ushered in the start of the 21st century , a phenomenon transformed the world .
tr	PAST	The pads of his thumbs stroked over her lips , whisper soft , and she instinctively opened for him to lick at the tip of one finger .
tr	PAST	I quit flailing and grabbed his hand at my throat with both of my own .
tr	PAST	" He denied killing Elise , of course .
tr	PAST	My hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	 Could be better , darlin ' . """
tr	PAST	 Speaking of which ...  Catherine tugged her hand free to twine her fingers in her lap .
te	PAST	 Anyone could be watching ,  uttered Reg mysteriously , although Kathy knew he was talking about her .
tr	PAST	DHS officials denied accusations that the federal government had any involvement in deploying the servers .
tr	PAST	Her mother tensed at her side .
tr	PAST	Dr. Day reported that she saw you during a full moon and saw none of these signs .
tr	PAST	And they bore no resemblance to Amanda .
tr	PAST	Sitting up , Kay scooted to the far side of the cell .
tr	PAST	 The nurse will be here in about five minutes to take you back to the prep room ,  Dr. Forbes informed Darren .
tr	PAST	I awoke with a start .
te	PAST	He dispatched them before his fellows could make their way through the doorway to join him .
te	PAST	Before I knew it , a good chunk of the afternoon floated on by .
tr	PAST	He tugged the comforter over them .
te	PAST	Scores moved to separate father from son , Case motioned him to stop .
tr	PAST	Yeshua never defended such a course .
tr	PAST	Its brief inconsequential existence snuffed out arbitrarily .
tr	PAST	 Jane Engle said the same thing ,  I recalled belatedly .
tr	PAST	A hit of reality stole my breath again .
tr	PAST	 I thought I 'd done something to make you mad ,  Fiona confessed quietly .
tr	PAST	She trusted me to keep her safe , and I liked that .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the Egyptian cotton sheets for her cell phone .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	One night when Johnny phoned from Alabama , Linda enquired as to Johnny 's sex life .
tr	PAST	She bounced on her feet and gave me a wide smile .
tr	PAST	Uncle Russ nodded and nausea churned in Ryan 's gut .
tr	PAST	Jake steered him back into the crowd .
tr	PAST	She motioned down the path .
tr	PAST	I awoke with the same heightened senses I 'd felt before .
tr	PAST	Molly gritted her teeth .
te	PAST	The cork stuffed in the opening flew out under pressure .
tr	PAST	Ji Hu perked up and leaned over the seat joining the conversation .
tr	PAST	 I don 't mean the kid any harm ,  Ziggy apologized .
tr	PAST	We exchanged blow after blow , insult after insult , as the duel raged on .
tr	PAST	Chapter 37 Tennessee , August 2012 Anna tapped her foot impatiently .
te	PAST	Her nearly invisible body floated effortlessly .
tr	PAST	But as soon as Percival reached for the weapon , green flames erupted from the grates beneath his feet .
tr	PAST	 What -- don 't --  I gasped , pushing him away , completely ambushed .
tr	PAST	 Come here ,  I rasped out .
tr	PAST	"I think this is a good move for me , "" I commented , rubbing my hands together nervously ."
te	PAST	He glinted at me .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as he slowly pushed his way inside me .
tr	PAST	George touches the wall behind him for stability .
va	PAST	They blushed and then left .
tr	PAST	" Logan treated Nika 's blood like it was some kind of toxic waste .
tr	PRES	I text Alec and find out that he 's working through his lunch break .
tr	PRES	' Apparently their demo warrants it .
tr	PRES	 My Johnson ? """
tr	PAST	He doubted his father would still be up .
te	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	' And what about that drug dealer in New York , the one who stabbed you in the back ? '
tr	PAST	He rotated his wrist quickly and let the light go around in wide circles around him .
va	PAST	" Come with me please , Sir Monk .
tr	PAST	She prayed she wouldn 't have to kill Mary Ann to keep her from falling into his hands .
tr	PRES	The evils of feeding a dog table scraps be damned .
tr	PRES	 Yes , "" she whispers , so soft and quiet no one could ever mistake her voice for a boy 's ."
tr	PAST	We weaved our way around the left over equipment and materials , making our way to the people being held captive .
tr	PAST	Now , as he moved through the house , he flicked on the lights .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and tried to focus .
tr	PAST	He feared the couple were looking for him to supply something he simply didn 't have .
tr	PAST	"I underestimated you , Melody . """
tr	PAST	 You 're staying too ,  the lord of the manor stated .
te	PAST	She slapped him full across the face .
va	PAST	The kitchen window shattered .
tr	PAST	Something tugged at my hand .
te	PAST	Instead , he preferred to remain in Westfield .
tr	PAST	When she was naked , he drank her in .
tr	PAST	They lingered a touch longer on Emelia and she felt her skin crawl at his scrutiny .
tr	PAST	Simone readjusted herself and sat upright on the awkward seat , facing the control panels .
tr	PAST	As he backed away from her , his eyes glimmered under the light .
tr	PAST	He had also skipped the last two Sunday dinners .
tr	PAST	Their bodies slapped together .
tr	PAST	Oh , and by the way , I stole the trunk from them .
tr	PAST	Jo sniffed , but only smelled pizza .
te	PAST	His fingers hooked around the tiny string of my panties ' waistband and he pulled them off with a smooth , practiced motion .
tr	PAST	 And you should not have lied to me . 
tr	PAST	And one comment awaited moderation .
tr	PAST	Adam motioned to the chair across the desk .
va	PAST	At once she felt incredibly sad and knew she was catching Gabriel 's sorrow , so intense it washed through him like a turbulent storm .
tr	PAST	- tugged at his jeans to gain his attention , looking up at him with big , imploring eyes .
tr	PAST	He swelled even more , huge and hard and inflamed as her teeth sank deep .
tr	PAST	 She went over to a friend 's house ,  Margaret announced triumphantly .
tr	PAST	And they suffered , bled out and died horribly just like we often did .
tr	PAST	Cold air slapped her cheeks .
tr	PAST	" If he wrecks our computer ...  "" You noticed ... so you may as well watch , "" taunted Bickel 's voice ."
te	PAST	I matched the values in the title documents against those in the church 's record , just to check .
tr	PAST	All week , until this morning , it churned with activity .
tr	PAST	An arrow pierced her heart , but this one hadn 't come from Cupid 's bow .
tr	PAST	His gaze immediately zeroed in on the young woman seated behind a huge walnut desk in front of a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows .
va	PAST	 I lied . 
tr	PAST	He doubted she 'd ever tasted caviar .
tr	PAST	Something hot sped past my ear .
tr	PAST	Now they simply stated a bald , unemotional fact .
va	PAST	Which only served to make her wonder what else he was hiding .
tr	PAST	The giant Sleeping Buddha reclined on his right side in the center of the horseshoe-shaped cliff .
tr	PAST	I restrained myself from laughing in his face .
tr	PAST	Blood and chunks of meat splattered on the stonework behind him .
va	PAST	He zipped it closed and tied the bag snuggly around his waist .
tr	PAST	I freaked for a second and just needed a minute to gather myself .
va	PAST	Randy 's voice softened as their eyes met .
tr	PAST	He mashed the pedal harder into the floorboard feeling the truck skate across the hardscrabble of the desert as the truck flew beside the highway .
tr	PAST	She sensed it was different here in Switzerland , a bit like in England , where men were less confident , less brash and less pushy .
tr	PAST	"At least , not by those who created them . """
tr	PAST	Blue water glistened along the shoreline .
tr	PAST	A figure emerged from the side of the math building , staggering .
va	PAST	"My mother abandoned me , my father disowned me , and I was raised on a Spartan battlefield under the fist of whoever was around . """
va	PAST	 It 's a bit of fun ,  lectured Mark .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered a second too long on her dress .
tr	PAST	Each of them scored hits , but Ebon suffered the worst of them .
tr	PAST	Sulley flicked the ignition and smiled as the flame grew in his hand .
tr	PAST	 And you stomp people 's breakup ice cream into the floor . 
tr	PAST	 Nobody deserved to die . 
tr	PAST	He spotted Leo standing on top of a nearby crest , his frame outlined by the moonlight .
tr	PAST	The massive beast cocked his heads and stared at her .
tr	PAST	Seconds later , Dolly reappeared at my side holding a pink and green striped bag in her hands .
te	PAST	He scowled at the stupid fellow in the shed .
va	PAST	They tugged with irritation at the line of prisoners and Emelia stumbled , her knees spattering into the thick ooze .
tr	PAST	He trusted Duane , of all people .
tr	PAST	"Got a problem with that , Ensign ? """
tr	PAST	His bad temper only served to inflame her own .
tr	PAST	Slowly and carefully , I unfolded the damn thing .
tr	PAST	I made my way to my sister 's penthouse and found her inside her greenhouse , amidst her beloved orchids , roses , lilies and tulips .
tr	PAST	Jacques would have finished them off , utilized every drop of life-giving nourishment he could , but Shea would have thought him a monster .
tr	PAST	Burning demon blood exploded over her hand in a hot torrent .
tr	PAST	She moaned , the sound harsh and full of fear .
tr	PAST	The thought sobered her racing heart .
tr	PAST	 He does ,  Shane rumbled .
tr	PAST	He whipped his head around , giving me an amused look .
tr	PAST	"I pondered who "" he "" and "" she "" could be ."
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , suddenly desperate to have her , all of her .
tr	PAST	It quivered with joy .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand toward Sloane .
tr	PAST	He lingered , telling himself Robyn would have an answer , or the Head Mage would come to his rescue .
tr	PAST	Michael stormed back upstairs .
tr	PAST	" You just announced on national TV that you and I are engaged .
tr	PAST	Jumping on the starter produced no effect .
tr	PRES	Dixie tries to hop over the fence , but Kim sends her to the back porch .
tr	PRES	 We 'll be there , "" Jacqueline crowed triumphantly ."
tr	PAST	"Upon hearing that the stranger would "" pay for it , "" Kevin 's eyes brightened with eagerness and he ran with purpose back towards the house ."
tr	PAST	He tugged the trailing ends free and parted the edges , revealing the rippling power of his abdomen and the hard , pulsing length of his cock .
tr	PAST	 Just -- peachy ,  I grunted .
tr	PAST	Claudia shimmied closer to me with an excited smile as the guys readied themselves .
tr	PAST	 I do not wait in lines ,  Kylie announced and headed straight for the door .
te	PAST	Only certain members of the Palace Guard visited that section ; it was off-limits to everyone else .
tr	PAST	" Knock it off .
tr	PAST	They urged caution in this new legal arena .
tr	PRES	 I don 't know what you 're doing , "" I confess , feeling afraid and stupid ."
tr	PAST	A light glowed softly through a curtained window .
tr	PAST	Mat grunted , walking over to open the chest and check on his gold .
tr	PAST	A blackness that engulfed him completely , and then , like it were the most potent of acids , he dissolved into it .
tr	PAST	"Trinity cocked her head to one side and smiled , "" Awesome , "" she said , putting the deck back into one pile ."
tr	PAST	Skyler ducked her head , twisting her fingers together , looking guilty , as if she knew Paul would take his anger out on her .
tr	PAST	Her awareness of him heightened immediately .
tr	PAST	She lingered outside the curtain , her back to the family reunion , but close enough that if they needed her , she would hear .
te	PAST	"I preferred you blond . """
tr	PAST	I lay behind her , my head propped in my hand .
va	PAST	She fished it out of her purse with shaking hands .
tr	PAST	The screen flicked on and she opened a browser , searching for the link she 'd saved earlier .
tr	PAST	My eyes drifted to Coca , and so did my hands .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	He attempted eagerness , but wasn 't fooling anyone .
tr	PAST	His body plunged wildly into hers as she drank from him .
tr	PAST	" Well you certainly dealt with that effectively .
tr	PRES	 Oh , Dan 's just being weird -- trying on a new part for some out-of-town play , "" Bobby mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Their surrender shattered them both .
va	PAST	Lindy unfolded the napkin and took pains spreading it over her lap .
tr	PAST	Gradually her trembling subsided , but she didn 't push him away .
va	PAST	When you weighed the risks against the rewards , the risks always tipped the scale .
va	PAST	Then they trudged back toward the habitat .
tr	PAST	I race out of the classroom and down the empty hallways .
tr	PAST	A sudden wave of mixed voices washed , like a tidal wave of blood , over the jury box and the entire courtroom .
tr	PAST	 Only one other woman visited the house . 
tr	PAST	" While I was waiting , something triggered my memory .
tr	PAST	Zeke trusted his men with everything , and because of that , he made sure to treat them with respect .
tr	PRES	Watching your world has allows us to learn new things .
tr	PAST	 When the constable came to tell me of the carriage accident that took them both , I wept ."
va	PAST	He slapped her face .
te	PAST	 They 're dead ,  Ivo sobbed .
tr	PAST	His eyebrow arched as he heard the single word .
te	PAST	The eel dove underwater and left .
tr	PAST	Daemon glided to the gold salon .
tr	PAST	 Nicole has sailed on my ship in the Great Circle Race ,  Jason announced without preamble when he stood in front of her .
tr	PAST	' Were you frightened and lonely at the time ? '
tr	PAST	Actually , she giggled , reached forward , grabbed my arm , and pulled me into the house .
va	PAST	"I know I can 't touch , but I know I can look , "" Josie joked ."
tr	PAST	William froze , becoming aware of a faint , slow beat .
tr	PAST	TJ hollered from the patio on the terrace below with a ridiculous smile on his face .
tr	PAST	Of course , she showered this morning so she should be acceptable .
tr	PAST	When they saw me slow down to jog beside her , they circled back to join us .
tr	PAST	Ammonia and bleach stung his nostrils as he tipped the sweet tea into two tall glasses .
tr	PAST	Alexi stormed out of the room as panic increased .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together and nods as if I should consider this .
va	PAST	"Then he stated , "" She 's wolf and that explains her senses amongst other things but you know she has additional abilities . """
va	PAST	She zigzagged with the gun in her hand , burning with anger .
tr	PAST	For others , a prison sentence extended .
tr	PAST	He exhaled deeply and continued to stare at her .
tr	PAST	 But Hunter has volunteered to escort Corinne to Detroit in Brock 's place . 
tr	PAST	Grace admired his willpower .
tr	PAST	" Well , he 's never acted as if he feared it , not the way Derek has .
tr	PRES	Without even thinking , my mouth opens and my tongue enters hers , devouring her .
tr	PAST	I dealt with bureaucracy and red tape all the time , but overbooking flights was something I 'd never understood .
tr	PAST	 Jerk , "" Kevin mumbled under his breath as he shuffled in his chair ."
te	PAST	He defeated the student from the Midnight Shadow Clan with ease .
te	PAST	One of them coughed fluid , probably Spider neck .
tr	PAST	He freed his massive erection and speared himself into me with such carnal desperation I almost orgasmic before he even began to move .
tr	PAST	That bothered me too .
tr	PAST	Cells and tissue , muscle and bone soaked up the life-giving fluid greedily .
te	PAST	She trembled and closed her eyes , heightening the pleasurable sensation .
tr	PAST	The army hungrily eyed them knowing for sure there was a water source within .
tr	PAST	Lux snarled and flew toward us so fast that I didn 't have time to move away .
va	PAST	The boy pondered his words long and hard .
tr	PAST	Vin followed quietly , feet crunching splinters of wood as she slowly withdrew , leaving a broken keep , shattered army , and humiliated lord behind .
tr	PAST	Even when they did , they never voiced an opinion .
tr	PAST	"Rene pretended she held something in her hands and said , "" I could feel the smoothness of the slippers and the warmth of their light . """
tr	PAST	Drop it , drop it , drop it , I stormed in my head .
tr	PAST	Oakes identified the speaker , a guard on the hangar perimeter squad , one of Demarest 's supporters .
tr	PAST	Charlotte and Ben exchanged a glance .
tr	PAST	The way his father automatically dismissed Cheyenne bothered Joe .
tr	PAST	Her mind sped through possibilities she couldn 't wait to explore once they arrived back at base .
va	PAST	"Gabby stifled a sob and answered the question softly , "" All of my family . """
tr	PAST	As I rose from the floor , one of the windows shattered , raining glass shards inside the room .
tr	PAST	Once this was done , he ducked and climbed down into the passageway , careful to plant the heel of his boot into each carved hold .
tr	PAST	This woman rocked the ground until his vision fogged .
tr	PAST	His knees bounced up and down .
tr	PAST	Boy Willie grunted as they heaved the wheelchair through a particularly deep drift .
tr	PAST	He lingered for a moment and then followed her , finding her standing before a medium-size oak desk .
te	PAST	Andrew cups my face in his strong hands , his eyes full of compassion .
tr	PAST	Myles groped for some other way to track Eugene Ryder .
te	PAST	I collapsed against his heaving chest , paralyzed with happiness .
va	PAST	She taps her finger against her chin .
tr	PAST	Her smile collapsed as soon as Neela was hidden by brush .
tr	PAST	He crouched and touched her arm .
tr	PAST	Her friend 's eyebrows winged higher .
tr	PAST	 Hold me all night , please ,  she yawned and suddenly everything went black .
tr	PAST	She no longer doubted his desire to defeat Lord Cleaver and realized she would never want to become his enemy .
tr	PAST	She shivered at his warm breath on her earlobe , before taking a deep breath and pushing back her shoulders .
tr	PAST	She experienced a wave of gratitude that he hadn 't come through with that one and she hastily thanked him .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved slightly .
tr	PAST	Tasha froze at the spot and looked at him .
tr	PAST	She eyed the sleeping dog in the corner again .
te	PAST	Silky curls glided over his bare skin and he moaned .
tr	PAST	One time I even absorbed a rash .
tr	PAST	When you finally broke away , the anxiety still lingered .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply because it wasn 't just that her eyes met mine .
tr	PAST	She flung herself into a chair beside the blond queen 's divan .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	Evelyn motioned across the room .
te	PAST	And below , competing against the light 's brilliance , a crystal exposed to the stars .
te	PAST	Connie steadied the soggy trail map in her hands but couldn 't make heads or tails of it in the drowning rain .
tr	PAST	At the age of seven , my friends  Cuthbert and Eduard  were a little in awe of the Villa , perhaps even afraid of it .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	We froze and looked around , doing our best not to make a sound .
va	PAST	David steered Colby into the kitchen , then glanced back at Valerie , scowling at the suitcase in her hand .
tr	PAST	A low hum vibrated the car .
tr	PAST	I sniffed my shoulders as I undressed , but I couldn 't smell anything but the brine and seaweed scent of the ocean .
tr	PAST	The blue light of alcohol flames wavered under military field cooking pots full of simmering stews .
tr	PAST	He panicked for a minute but then kept walking .
tr	PAST	She secured them safely in their baskets and then went back to pick up the brick .
tr	PAST	He seriously doubted whether he could have lifted it anyway .
tr	PAST	 I 'm sorry sirs , I didn 't mean to offend  he stammered as the guards reached down to pick him up .
tr	PAST	 Dress ,  he said , casually resting against the back of the chair , twisting a pen in his hands .
tr	PAST	Lea attempted the same thing and threw a right straight , but it was obvious that Payton 's right was going to land first .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven Terese awoke with the setting of the sun .
tr	PAST	I described the United States ' noble mission to right a third world country 's woes .
tr	PAST	Her face was slightly flushed , her lips parted in a pretty smile of secret happiness .
tr	PAST	The mist in her eyes glowed in the dimmed light , which Hemp had said might help to calm her and me .
tr	PAST	He caressed my cheeks as he pulled away from me and I was finally able to fully take in our surroundings .
tr	PAST	To watch them suffer and die quickly or to see them die slowly , stripped of pride , groveling at the feet of inferior creatures ?
tr	PAST	I thanked him and obeyed , slightly surprised that Mr. Horne had agreed to see me at all .
tr	PAST	The crawlers coiled and tucked into the cracks and holes in the rocks to hide from the light churning around them .
tr	PAST	She acted casual , but her eyes were watchful .
tr	PAST	he chimed in when she made a stymied gesture around the dreamily lit space .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the green scent of the forest , and she knew .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the gun in his hand into the waistband of his jeans , this time in front .
tr	PAST	I doubted if awkward , self-conscious , and inept added up to desirable in anyone 's book .
tr	PAST	She defended the base .
tr	PAST	"Yes I 'm aware of their mission , "" Susan grunted ."
tr	PAST	Yellow light washed over my bare legs and the floor .
tr	PAST	Riddick tore his shiv from Jules ' side and strode over to Fink .
tr	PAST	Then he swiped his hand in the air dismissively .
tr	PAST	I clutched his hand to reinforce my message , and then I pulled him down the hallway , through the door of my bedroom .
te	PAST	Accommodation in common nests is free , single nests cost only 1 Bird $ / day .
tr	PAST	Nightingale groped in his pocket for the knife .
tr	PAST	Jimmy yawned for the first time that night .
tr	PAST	 Oh geez ,  Leah giggled as she leaned in closer , elbows on the table .
tr	PAST	Panic ensued and I had to think fast .
tr	PAST	The crystal clear water reflected the azure sky .
tr	PAST	And proceeded to do something stupid .
tr	PAST	A slow smile inched across his lips .
tr	PAST	Finn yawned and stretched in the chair as he came awake .
tr	PAST	Darlene stated firmly as the trunk popped open .
te	PAST	He hacked again and dug a handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe his mouth .
tr	PAST	The Darkness swirled around him .
tr	PAST	Opening his arms , he urged me closer .
tr	PAST	 Yes ...  John stated slowly , raising an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	 So many years of preparation destroyed in a night . 
tr	PAST	Noelle washed her mouth out at the sink , trying to rid it of the essence of decaying stuffed animals .
tr	PAST	 Most likely , my lord . 
tr	PAST	"Then amended , "" In proper attire "" Nicole nodded , then dared , "" Father also has a guest with him . """
tr	PAST	I acted very compliant , and then I put my knife through his back .
te	PAST	Some said he owned a gold mine , others swore that he was a pirate .
tr	PAST	The ambulance sped down the road , rushing fast as its sirens screamed .
tr	PAST	I dove under the covers , head-first , and began to kiss the area .
tr	PAST	Alan ambled amongst the boxes and shelves of weapons .
tr	PAST	If appearance was anything to go by , each acted suitably humbled .
tr	PAST	The dank smell in the hallway assaulted him , waking him up to the bleak reality confronting him .
tr	PAST	She crouched beside him and pointed to the molars .
tr	PAST	The monitor 's beeping dove from a constant beep to deep electronic thuds .
tr	PAST	She shivered with grim amusement .
tr	PAST	Christopher patted her hand where it rested on his arm .
tr	PAST	He tipped a little pile onto the table and started the same process I recognised from the Department of Magic , sorting through it with slow deliberation .
tr	PAST	The rest of my body matched my face .
tr	PAST	As it came to the steep descent , leading down to the river , it slowed even more .
tr	PAST	 I don 't have any new information to give you , other than what you 've already received ,  he announced .
tr	PAST	She stole a glance in his direction and noticed the tight lines around his eyes and the clenching muscles in the side of his jaw .
tr	PAST	He reported this to Adams and it produced a frown .
te	PAST	The victim convulsed and dropped to the floor .
tr	PAST	The other workers circled around .
te	PAST	I stripped off my coat and wadded it around my hands .
tr	PAST	The thought of leaving Annabelle alone hollowed him out .
tr	PAST	Sabrina flexed a finger , testing it , and clamped her jaw tight to stop herself from crying out from the pain .
tr	PAST	Her arms rippled with energy .
tr	PAST	The count 's eyes brightened , bringing life to his face for the first time since they had entered the room .
tr	PAST	 You 're making judgments ,  he accused .
tr	PAST	Archer 's growl rumbled down the hall .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the scent of him .
tr	PAST	"I 've never been there before , "" she stated defensively ."
tr	PAST	The smell of breakfast cooking , however , provided additional encouragement for me to drag my butt outside to see Jackie turning eggs in the frying pan .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed like the soft rays of the candles and I didn 't want him to let me go .
tr	PAST	Bran stares at the blood on Lorcan 's chest , head cocked sideways , not sure what to make of it .
tr	PAST	Tears streamed down my face silently .
tr	PAST	A pair of eyes glowed a few inches away .
tr	PAST	My thighs involuntarily tensed .
tr	PAST	Waldo pretended not to hear Bill 's aside , but Bubba opened his mouth .
tr	PAST	He clipped his mouth in anger , opened both of his fists , and formed two lightning balls .
tr	PAST	He leaped forward , diving headfirst into the empty air .
tr	PAST	Haven smacked into the floor and rolled behind a fallen pillar just as another box exploded .
tr	PAST	Her painting revealed it was neither of those animals .
tr	PAST	Turning , I lashed out with the second blade , catching another rushing me from behind .
tr	PAST	At football practice , the anger fueled my game and I took it out on some of the players .
tr	PAST	He giggled again , and ran up the stairs .
va	PAST	Sometimes we scored a six-pack .
tr	PAST	She dared not move .
tr	PAST	"What I mean is - "" "" I know what the word means , Barak . """
te	PAST	As he passed , she quickly slapped his butt .
tr	PAST	Sam must have sensed we were leaving , because she was jumping all around .
tr	PAST	He knelt down on one knee to check over her .
tr	PAST	 Were you baptized ? 
te	PAST	The People 's Sentinel spy , marked by them to collect information on Viggo and Mortimer .
tr	PAST	He dreamed about his other life , a life that would never exist .
tr	PAST	I almost froze at what I saw .
tr	PAST	His disappointment raced through me .
tr	PAST	She froze , unprepared for the intensity of his gaze .
tr	PAST	All of his imaginations ceased and his curiosity took over .
te	PAST	" Yes , it occurred to me .
te	PRES	 Spill it , Dec !"
tr	PAST	It cowered on the floor at his feet , urinating with fear , too terrified to move .
te	PAST	She was on her feet , her arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	He flattened himself against a stone wall .
tr	PAST	She barely refrained from collapsing again at the thought .
va	PAST	The corridor curved , leading deeper into the heart of the Gard .
va	PAST	Soeren stares at me for a second , begging for help , and stays silent when it is clear that I have no idea either .
te	PAST	His head and upper body rocked from side to side , as he favored his left leg .
tr	PAST	 How very ... very nauseating . 
tr	PAST	They staggered along , trying to swallow their laughs .
tr	PAST	Vin cocked her head .
tr	PAST	I trusted her so much I didn 't even think of investigating her .
tr	PAST	Cai bounced up onto his shoulder and dug her claws into his tunic .
tr	PAST	 So you arranged not only for a replacement , but for that sergeant to call me and let me know it had been found ? 
tr	PAST	His eyes shadowed , and he brought his hand back to his side in a slow , reluctant motion .
tr	PAST	Sarah dreamed of becoming a famous painter of wild Irish seascapes .
tr	PAST	They blamed him for flashing his credentials to get out of numerous speeding tickets and for rolling a few joints in his time .
te	PAST	He clutched his lapel in complete shock .
tr	PAST	She sensed it as his breathing quickened and her own pulse jumped .
tr	PAST	He inquired with his pen poised over his notebook as if he were ready to take dictation .
tr	PAST	She stiffened slightly and immediately shook her head .
tr	PAST	In town , something exploded .
tr	PAST	The frustration of it all spilled out of her .
te	PAST	She speared her hand through her hair , a little frown creasing her forehead .
va	PAST	The lady giggled in sympathy as she realised how lost a young man like Guy must have felt in the library .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Grimes and Chuck crouched over him .
va	PAST	Butterflies exploded in me when he called me princess ... because I knew I had finally found my prince .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my palm .
va	PAST	She arched a brow at him .
tr	PAST	 Come here , nephew ,  Prospero rasped .
tr	PAST	"As the soldiers carried me , the crowd beyond the gates chanted , "" Huntress !"
va	PAST	I piled into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	When the silence passing between us became deafening , I collected my bearings and apologized emphatically .
tr	PAST	Abe touches the back of his hand to his mouth , checking the blood there .
tr	PAST	With his palms on the mattress , he supported his torso easily .
tr	PAST	It tickled my skin .
te	PAST	Terry yanked his arm up , bringing the handcuffs and the bed 's leg with it .
tr	PAST	Ty palmed it , still feeling around with the other hand for the gun .
tr	PAST	 You proposed because you were trying to protect me . 
te	PAST	He taps his pen against the first one .
te	PAST	People 's inner auras glowed , depending on their health .
tr	PAST	Prue inhaled the cold air hoping for the freezing temperatures to fix her mind of all of its problems .
te	PAST	Danika 's hands fisted , her nails cutting into the sheet .
te	PAST	She motioned for Olivia to come in as she threw her blonde hair back into a ponytail , taking her reading glasses off her face .
tr	PAST	Then , with a final flourish , the armored pair posted formally to opposite ends of the lists to do battle upon each other .
tr	PAST	She attempted to kill me with a stare of venom and I accepted it as cue I was no longer welcome .
tr	PAST	His wife cleaned the place spotless , he says , and she 's looking forward to going home just as we are .
tr	PAST	Cassidy worried a bit about leaving Eric and Jace here alone with Reid , but , interestingly , Nell had volunteered to stay over and watch him .
va	PAST	Anne Marie and Ellen f it so perfectly together that their story had inspired me to look beyond my fears .
tr	PAST	He swiveled around and slowly crept towards the sound .
tr	PAST	A split second later three blue beams of light engulfed the door frame .
tr	PAST	 Fuck if I know ,  Bob said , his voice slightly slurred .
tr	PAST	Her fingers , tapered and delicate , caressed the glass .
va	PAST	Good Lord , he could have stuffed all his military gear in that sack .
tr	PAST	They glowed an endless hue of blues and pinks .
tr	PAST	- No , I just reflected -- and she went into her room .
tr	PAST	He touches my neck , lifting my chin with his finger to see the bruise closer .
tr	PAST	The smell churned my stomach even faster .
va	PAST	The winter snows had fled , chased by the warmth of longer days .
tr	PAST	Two bright spots of color stained Tasha 's cheeks .
tr	PAST	The Hispanic girl slapped him .
te	PAST	Before she could respond , Quinn 's voice drifted through the bus 's still open door .
tr	PAST	I emailed a copy to Janet and saved a copy to a disk .
te	PAST	Catherine flattened her hand over her breast .
va	PAST	She tugged , but he held fast .
tr	PAST	On the shoulder across the highway from the store , he coasted the cop car to a stop with the headlights off and cut the engine .
te	PAST	She exited the store and stepped into the sunshine , feeling anything but warm and happy .
tr	PAST	Emma froze and cocked her head .
te	PAST	 I used to watch some of the high rollers back home and they would lay some healthy tips on those serving trays ,  stated Paul .
tr	PAST	In fact her entire body froze .
tr	PAST	Ty moaned as he kissed Zane again , clearly willing to let him do anything he wanted .
tr	PAST	"Max scooted his chair over to give me some more room and leaned over to whisper , "" I 'm glad you guys showed up ."
tr	PAST	Testing her feminine wiles , testing him , she teased his lips with a light flicker of her tongue .
va	PAST	Because she arrived unannounced , she anticipated cooling her heels .
te	PAST	his voice rumbled in her ear .
tr	PAST	His words were spoken slowly , each one labored .
tr	PAST	He may have uttered them several months ago , but their enormity had only just registered .
tr	PAST	Moments later he sped back in , grasping the door frame , looking right at her .
tr	PAST	Still , the man received a lusty cheer as he took the field .
tr	PAST	 Got it from a lord ,  he announced , noting her interest in the initials .
tr	PAST	RYAN awoke , a frown turning his lips downward .
tr	PAST	Daniel exhaled long and loud .
tr	PAST	Rose steered Mrs. Jones toward the Denby pottery display .
tr	PAST	He recommended I talk to Annie .
tr	PAST	The bus slowed , and Claire saw a sign for the tunnel up ahead .
tr	PAST	 What the fuck , Onyx ? 
va	PAST	she screeched , her shrill voice echoing down the corridor .
te	PAST	As he held her unconscious body in his arms , he just prayed it would be soon enough .
tr	PAST	 Come on , darling ,  Sean urged her , holding her as he helped her clear the outskirts of the gathering crowd .
te	PAST	Although it was addressed to both of them , she feared to open it alone .
tr	PAST	A huge fat creature emerged from the darkness .
tr	PAST	 But it seems for now that 's the most plausible ,  Angie countered .
tr	PAST	 Please , Dimitri , we need to talk ,  she begged , wanting to set some ground rules .
te	PAST	Still grinning , Mad Dog raced across the snowy yard and bounded up the sagging porch steps .
tr	PAST	he inquired , sipping his coffee and feeling the full weight of Julia 's feigned aloofness , just as she intended .
va	PAST	It matched her mood .
tr	PAST	The why and how ceased to matter in his mind .
tr	PAST	When they all set off the pub that night , he claimed tiredness and crawled in to his tent .
te	PAST	Their mounts panicked and fell , sending their riders crashing to the stone .
tr	PAST	It lingered in the back of his mind and threatened to consume him without ever letting him wake .
va	PAST	 Don 't you think it 's time that we wore the glasses normally so we can see people 's true natures  Natalie proposed .
tr	PAST	the goddess ' voice boomed across the temple built in her honor .
tr	PAST	Hannah squinted up at Mr. Bundy 's pleasant , open face , marveling at the difference between this man and the man she despised .
te	PAST	he announced , and Young Sam chuckled .
tr	PAST	"Rather unpleasant from what I understand , but fitting for your behavior , "" Grey stated ."
tr	PAST	Things quieted down when the social hour was over , guests either going out to sit on the front porch or going back to their rooms .
va	PAST	Lisa crawled forward on her knees , fighting to keep her balance .
tr	PAST	Connor grunted in assent , and drew his axe .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved in a knowing smile that she grazed along his neck , up to nip his earlobe .
va	PAST	Suddenly furious , Corinne attempted to reach around Dayan to grab Lisa 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	" But at what cost ?
tr	PAST	Shabby chic described much of the cottage 's furnishings .
tr	PAST	His arms convulsed around her , his expression still jittery .
tr	PRES	The graying Amity man opens a door on the left .
tr	PAST	A groan pierced the air .
tr	PRES	 Subtle force causes even opposing countries and governments to join together in a common cause -- and that is why this facility is under attack ."
tr	PAST	Instead , I pretended to study the menu so the waiter wouldn 't come over again .
tr	PAST	Water from the crashing waves and heavy rain created a dense mist that soaked Robert the moment he set foot atop the boards .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , dropping my eyes .
tr	PAST	A strange sense of knowing , of destiny , rippled through his mind .
te	PAST	Jared hopped out of the jeep and flashed to my side to open my door for me .
te	PAST	Selena eyed the convoy that was gathering within the palace 's courtyard .
tr	PAST	He became silent again , self loathing washed off of him in waves .
tr	PAST	He tipped it over and a finger rolled out on to the desk .
te	PAST	 We could be more ,  he countered .
tr	PAST	I collapsed , senseless from loss of blood .
tr	PAST	His hand flattened on her stomach , and he stroked her as he whispered rough words of desire against her throat .
tr	PAST	Jones yawned and poked at the burning logs .
tr	PAST	I chided him about missing rehearsal with the guys , and he laughed and rolled his eyes at me again .
va	PAST	 Right ,  scoffed Selena .
tr	PAST	Over a mug of steaming coffee , I replayed my interviews and made notes .
tr	PAST	Willow inhaled and coughed when Bane finally released her .
tr	PAST	The hovering projector droned ominously above .
tr	PAST	exclaimed Christine , delighted beyond words .
tr	PAST	His heart lurched in his chest at the words she spoke , and the feeling behind them .
tr	PAST	She feared undoing the women 's handiwork at her expense .
tr	PAST	The chore required four trips in all with the dolly piled high .
tr	PAST	Whoever invented them did so with the intent to torture kids everywhere .
tr	PAST	We dreamed , we occasionally kissed , and we moved continuously in the little bed .
tr	PAST	My words spurred him on as if he didn 't care I knew his secrets .
tr	PAST	He complained about the cows wandering where they would and making a mess wherever they went but what did he expect ?
tr	PAST	Ileana 's wicked giggle replayed in my head .
te	PAST	Joanna chimed in her support .
tr	PAST	Chapter 13 Elizabeth paced the length of her bed .
va	PAST	I dreamed that maybe ... maybe Hippolytus could be mine .
tr	PAST	As unique and mysterious as Twilight 's Dawn was , it still represented a loss of the power she once wielded .
tr	PAST	A loudspeaker squeaked and crackled to life .
tr	PAST	Slowly , she replayed everything she 'd heard between Mr. Mercer and his mother , their cutting argument echoing in her mind .
tr	PAST	Steve described the layout , similar to the Care Center without the nurses ' station .
tr	PAST	Misty eyed them severely .
te	PAST	" The king instructed me to see the marriage done , and I intend to do so .
tr	PRES	I slice through one coming toward me and lower the sword , the fire going out .
tr	PAST	And though his head continued to be at war with his heart , he justified his relationship with Abbie .
tr	PRES	 It tastes like sperm . """
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed again .
tr	PAST	Each time , he mentally calculated how long it would be before he 'd be confronting his parents with the truth .
va	PAST	Somewhere , a woman shrieked .
tr	PAST	And then he proceeded to demonstrate exactly how pleasurable their latest collaboration could be .
tr	PAST	And then , he clocked himself out for break , took my arm , and marched me down the hall .
te	PAST	"My dad perked up one eyebrow , "" How long have you known this boy ? """
tr	PAST	Michael zipped up his jacket up .
tr	PAST	Then again the kindly influence ceased to act -- I found myself fettered again to grief and indulging in all the misery of reflection .
va	PAST	He scoffed , low under his breath .
tr	PAST	He alighted and ran to the sergeant .
tr	PAST	He glided over the marble floor in the hallway .
te	PAST	He stole another kiss before stepping back and shifting .
te	PAST	Kylie motioned to the door .
tr	PAST	In a flash , he attached one end to the pommel of his saddle and the other end to the stainless steel hood ornament .
te	PAST	And as soon as his daughter left the room to congratulate Chewy on his hard work , the grandfather 's head collapsed forward .
tr	PAST	Gregory slapped him on the back .
tr	PAST	His Holiness regarded her without expression .
va	PAST	Stella shouted , her hands balled into fists at her sides .
tr	PAST	She doubted he would be willing to do it but she might as well ask .
tr	PAST	On a rope around his neck hung a piece of bark with a solemn carved face that matched his own .
tr	PAST	When he flicked off the lights , a crashing darkness descended , and he followed the Explorer 's headlights through the falling snow .
tr	PAST	She wailed and fell to her knees .
tr	PAST	Instinct grumbled at him .
tr	PAST	Detective Bria Coolidge scoffed a little at that ; then she turned and called out to her partner .
tr	PAST	 Yeah , no good ,  Rick interjected .
va	PAST	Carlos attempted to wipe the blood from his nose .
te	PAST	I exited out the back door and slowly walked toward the front of the house where the Ferrari was parked .
tr	PAST	Lauren bristled at the memory .
tr	PAST	I owned that love .
tr	PAST	For a long moment I wracked my brains , but I couldn 't remember if I 'd locked my room when I left .
tr	PAST	I willed myself not to throw up .
va	PAST	He tipped his glass at a woman standing about twenty feet away from us , one of the most breathtaking women I 'd ever seen .
tr	PAST	Dev hauled him up from the floor .
va	PAST	Her body froze , experiencing a man 's touch for the first time .
tr	PAST	I sped down the street , not thinking about the icy roads or my car .
tr	PAST	"I quit keeping score a few years ago . """
tr	PAST	The girl giggled , but agreed .
te	PAST	He motioned to the living room .
tr	PAST	His ribs smashed into a jagged rock , and the rushing water dragged him over the boulders , battering and scraping his knees and ankle .
tr	PAST	' He stole my cases ! '
tr	PAST	Her striped gown made her look taller , her bosom a soft swell under all the buttons .
tr	PAST	But that night with Jack , I dreamed .
tr	PAST	I acted on instinct .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
va	PAST	"This is all not about that , anyway , "" Dave stated ."
tr	PAST	"Jeremy interjected , "" Do you two need to be alone ? """
tr	PAST	After washing off the last few traces of blood on her arms she washed her face and applied foundation , eye shadow , and lip gloss .
tr	PAST	The girl elbowed the lanky man next to her , gesturing toward Eve with a jerk of her chin .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance upwards to see him slowly nodding , thoughtful .
tr	PAST	 Quiet ,  he grunted , his own breath coming fast and short , not from the effort , but from his dread .
tr	PAST	Walking slowly into the room , Carolyn advanced toward the desk .
tr	PAST	He massaged the back of his neck .
tr	PAST	The speculation ranged from mundane , a sprained ankle , to fantastical , a heart transplant .
te	PAST	Lydia 's laughter tickled my spine like a feather .
tr	PAST	Guilt crept back in and I broke away .
tr	PAST	I crooned as I fingered his nipple rings .
tr	PAST	Celestino stiffened in an instant .
tr	PAST	Cassy cringed after sipping her coffee .
va	PAST	I yawned really loudly .
va	PAST	He provoked it with his weapon to keep its attention .
te	PAST	Stephen 's scream jolted me awake .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself , then opened the back door .
tr	PAST	 Sarah , me heart breaks every time me sees ye in here ,  Mae wept .
tr	PAST	He flung himself to his feet , so suddenly that I retreated in an automatic manner , keeping my eye on his dagger .
tr	PAST	Brent eyed him narrowly .
tr	PAST	Peace enveloped him , soothed him , relaxed every muscle and tendon , loosened the fist of heartbreak that tightened his chest .
tr	PAST	I tugged on her hand to remind her .
tr	PAST	 That bothered me as well . 
va	PAST	He giggled and brushed a piece of hair away from my eyes .
va	PAST	I clutched the money envelope to my chest and picked up the pace a little .
tr	PAST	Tom gritted his teeth and grabbed for the empty rifle .
va	PAST	Aiden reappeared , taking my hand .
va	PAST	Her hubby already handled everything like a seasoned professional .
tr	PAST	Devin stormed over to the kitchen and retrieved another beer from the fridge mumbling a grouchy answer .
tr	PAST	" Because the last time something happened that screwed up Dumont 's plans , he reacted .
va	PRES	They tend to use sex as a bit of relaxation after the heat of competition .
va	PRES	The familiar , horribly abrupt scream of one more Renaissance victim .
va	PRES	I swerve to avoid the man , and skid out of control and veer straight for a tree line .
va	PAST	His eyes darted from Aria to Ella .
va	PRES	It burns at me through the long night , all the guilt and failure .
va	PAST	 Yep , "" he assured her ."
va	PAST	While many of Melanie 's friends had turned to teaching voice or dance for their income , Melanie had always shunned the idea .
tr	PAST	I filled her in on what I 'd learned the day I visited her mom .
tr	PAST	Everything exploded on impact .
va	PAST	Lights glowed at the far end of the shaft , almost half a kilometer away .
tr	PAST	Rose tugged on Surreal 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	"But Aaron treated it like a great feat , dropping his own stick and yelling , "" Yeah , cuz !"
va	PAST	The fire travelled fast .
tr	PAST	... Every question possible flooded my mind .
tr	PAST	John 's eyes reflected the troubled sky and the jagged hole that now resided in the ceiling .
tr	PAST	She owned a couple of them , which she treasured , but didn 't intend to collect more .
tr	PAST	At the office , Geoff reiterated that physiological responses exposed cards .
te	PAST	I acted like I didn 't even notice , just like Mrs. Sterling did .
va	PAST	Then , quite unceremoniously , it hopped off the window ledge and disappeared into the coarse grass .
tr	PAST	A knock on the door resulted in Amber removing her hands from the others , and with it whatever levitated them disappeared .
va	PAST	A huge bear barreled through the knots of fighting Felines , scattering them left and right , the ruff on his neck expanding with his anger .
te	PAST	She tugged the blanket back , expecting to be surprised .
tr	PAST	 You goddamned motherfucker ! 
tr	PAST	She dodged to the right and swung around when he missed her .
tr	PAST	She must have eluded his efforts to spring the trap by taking an earlier flight .
te	PAST	His memories jumbled together in his head as he managed to open his eyes and look around .
tr	PAST	She trusted him to work on her ship , which spoke volumes about how much she respected and believed in him .
te	PAST	During batting practice Alex smacked ball after ball deep over the wall , but his mind wasn 't tracking what his body was doing .
tr	PAST	Webb predicted my face would fall by the way he said it .
tr	PAST	She stares up for a moment at the oatmeal ceiling .
tr	PAST	Numbers and percentages spewed forth and soon drowned everyone else in the room .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to sit .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , I scrolled through the feed .
tr	PAST	 You 're kidding ,  I exclaimed , my nerves stirring my bladder .
va	PAST	He dreamed of her sexiness .
tr	PAST	Eleanor thanked her and took it , making herself not snatch it out of the maid 's hand .
tr	PAST	"I possessed a big manor with no furniture . """
tr	PAST	The creature crumpled to the ground , finally at rest .
tr	PAST	Janelle provided all that Oriole asked for .
tr	PAST	He slapped down a boy with nothing but a look when that boy tried to bully the one girl who got brave enough to approach the table .
tr	PAST	I tugged at his grimy ears , and he tugged at my tender arms .
tr	PAST	They reentered the building through the brightly lit door , pulling it closed behind them .
te	PAST	Justin 's eyes darkened for a moment .
tr	PAST	They were on a platform high above the streets , Jack guessed about the thirtieth level but couldn 't be sure .
tr	PAST	Sitting upright in bed , she clutched the edges of the sheet in her lap with nervous fingers .
te	PAST	Eyes black as midnight pierced through the dark , watchful as an owl .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her nervousness and dropped a soft kiss on her lips .
tr	PAST	I smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	She maintained a meticulous timeline which was enhanced each time Rei produced a fact or date .
tr	PAST	Apparently , we had both shopped the same fifty percent off rack at Macy 's last week .
tr	PAST	Above us , giant windows of fabulous lofts glowed .
tr	PAST	An orange glow soon accompanied a crackle of flames .
tr	PAST	I eyed him apologetically after swearing .
tr	PAST	Hell , I dealt with Snodgrass myself occasionally .
tr	PAST	"He was here at my house , "" I sobbed into his chest ."
tr	PAST	Her golden hair tumbled about her shoulders , spilling down to her knees .
tr	PAST	" You pricked his pride when you left him , my darling .
tr	PRES	Everything I decide directly affects who lives or dies . "
tr	PAST	"Pandora gritted her teeth before saying "" I don 't want one , Dad . """
tr	PAST	She clambered over the edge and dropped down into his arms .
tr	PAST	She withdrew quickly and waited out in the hallway for what felt like an eternity .
va	PAST	I clicked on the ' My Profile ' link at the top .
tr	PAST	 Not at all ,  Ms. Devereux mumbled , her icy demeanor melted for the moment .
tr	PAST	He flapped his wings harder , faster , and the wind increased in velocity , the whistle of it masking the ensuing cries of pain .
tr	PAST	"I never dreamed yours would be the first ! """
tr	PAST	She yawned loudly , covering her mouth , fighting back waves of tiredness .
tr	PAST	I crouched , dropping the meat onto the snow beside me .
tr	PAST	My eyes sought out the twin hearts on Dare 's chest .
te	PAST	Instead , his hands simply balled into fists and he fought back the instant prickling of his skin .
tr	PAST	Lights reflected off the gold-plated steel girders that crisscrossed in an open lattice design to form , of all things , a gleaming pyramid at the top .
te	PAST	The McGill 's ship reappeared now that she was viewing the world through her own ghostly eyes .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as a cloaked figure walked toward her .
tr	PAST	But Christine sensed that the darkness having evoked such passion had also generated twinges of embarrassment .
tr	PAST	The idea that Ezra had influenced Kellen 's mind troubled her .
te	PAST	He sensed something was wrong , and she wasted precious time evading his questions .
tr	PAST	He sensed she still wasn 't ready for a new relationship , other than being friends .
tr	PAST	She scribbled the name down .
tr	PAST	The king grunted and left the room .
tr	PAST	As the video ended , my inbox chimed with a new message .
tr	PAST	Tessa padded toward them silently and stood by Jocelyn .
tr	PAST	 You don 't fight fair ,  he accused .
tr	PAST	She slowly unzipped her boot and straightened her leg , holding out her injured foot toward Paul .
tr	PAST	Sometimes they hovered just above the floor or shot up to the far corners of the room .
tr	PAST	The DJ droned on and commercials blared through the speakers , but it didn 't register .
tr	PAST	Life scurried above her , not that anybody seemed to have heard her shouts .
tr	PAST	Helen screwed her face up in disgust ( an expression that never seems too far removed from her ! )
va	PAST	Fin cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Ken stated the obvious .
tr	PAST	Panic seized me now .
tr	PAST	Mercer balled them into fists .
va	PAST	She massaged her head that was beginning to pound again .
tr	PAST	 Two of them ,  he reported quietly .
tr	PAST	He stated almost reluctantly .
tr	PAST	A second breath and he identified the intruder as Victor 's father .
tr	PAST	Julian readjusted his posture and entered the lion 's den .
tr	PAST	As my senses failed me , I circled around the mouth of the cave , searching for the voyeur .
tr	PAST	Still she toyed with it , trying to get it to fall even more perfectly .
tr	PAST	Rocco wagged his tail stump at the promise of food .
tr	PAST	 I 've got this ,  Chase cheered as he charged onto a red light .
tr	PAST	I awoke to total darkness , a harsh scream caught in my throat .
tr	PAST	Quickly , they received the confirmation copy .
tr	PAST	' Southbound , ' uttered Grey .
tr	PAST	He also prayed that it wasn 't too late to save Presley .
va	PAST	And she relished having conditioner too .
tr	PAST	Howling up to the moon , he chased after the first person that wasn 't part of his pack .
tr	PAST	After my sister 's betrothal , I cleaned myself up .
tr	PAST	Last night we prayed to God , and gave thanks , and now He has delivered us safely to calm oceans , unharmed and alive !
tr	PAST	He then inquired of the innkeeper who had asked about him .
tr	PAST	" He just received his stamp .
tr	PRES	 Later , Norman . """
tr	PAST	Ashe whipped out his cell and dialed Winkler 's number .
tr	PAST	She wavered , then those luminous eyes focused on Amara , and the queen flung herself into one last , desperate leap toward the Cursor .
tr	PAST	A jeweled ring shone from each of his hands and his mother-of-pearl buttons created a line of rainbows down the expanse of his jacket .
tr	PAST	Even though he was a doctor and everything he learned was kept strictly confidential , it still bothered Brian a great deal .
tr	PAST	 That is what she said ,  he rumbled .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her t-shirt and ran a hand back through her loose hair .
va	PAST	 Five , seven , one , three ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	Laughter danced in his eyes and a mischievous grin split his face .
tr	PAST	Dimitri had virtually risked his life to save theirs and they had repaid him with betrayal and torture .
tr	PAST	 Doctors repeatedly screwing him up ... That sort of thing . 
tr	PAST	I attempted to take his attention off my dress and pulled my hand from his .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself and tore a hand through his too long hair as he frantically looked around the haze of his room .
tr	PAST	He collapsed back onto the bed , his chest shuddering from the effort of his words .
tr	PAST	She identified the gleam of its titanium carapace and speared her pipe down at it , using all of her weight .
tr	PAST	She found her mother at her father 's bedside , his hand clasped in hers .
va	PAST	Maddox stiffened , anger washing through him .
tr	PAST	He glanced over at me , concern etched into his handsome face .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the smoking pit to my right .
va	PAST	I grunted , practically dropping his unconscious ass onto one of the couches .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and didn 't answer .
va	PAST	They advanced on him with careful precision , working as a team .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled up from Philippe 's chest , frightening Marguerite with its unadulterated menace .
va	PAST	She adjusted a quiver on her shoulder to better assist him standing up straight .
te	PAST	Shadow never feared death ; he did fear it for those whom he cared for .
tr	PAST	 Mmm ,  she purred , but she wasn 't oblivious to her promise .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , forgetting about Danika .
tr	PAST	She washed her face and checked her face and then turned on the hot water .
tr	PAST	Lainie and I exchanged glances , the first sign I had seen of unease from her .
va	PAST	She dared to look at him .
tr	PAST	But when my fingertip touched the flower , it instantly darkened , withering and drying as each petal turned black .
tr	PAST	Cassie 's mouth curved into a cruel smile as her head tilted to the side .
tr	PAST	"She died when I was twenty , "" he stated grimly ."
te	PAST	"Ted yawned , Dreamer softly adding "" It 's not even seven yet , Marlon ."
tr	PAST	She shrieked as poison rapidly consumed her .
te	PAST	Then , all of a sudden , it administered a stinging backhand to the side of Ryan 's face .
tr	PAST	the king saluted , raising his sword to his new ally .
tr	PAST	I seriously doubted Blake would be calling me again .
va	PAST	Her mother patted her cheek encouragingly .
va	PAST	The iPhone in his pocket vibrated , and he stared at the screen .
tr	PAST	Evelyn stated , but she didn 't make any attempt to stop the dogs either .
tr	PAST	We all acted as one , and hoped we wouldn 't be treated individually if something were to happen .
va	PAST	His eyes bore into mine with an intense expression as he handed me the phone .
tr	PAST	He motioned to me and I began to cry out silently to him .
va	PAST	CJ slowed to a jog .
tr	PAST	The waterways curved around small islands of muck and thick green vegetation .
tr	PAST	I zipped up my sleeping bag , making sure I had one hand on Vic and the other on the tube with the ambrosia flower .
tr	PAST	Amelia had sensed it before , but her brother 's words confirmed her suspicions .
te	PAST	"You proved to him that not only do you have honour , but that he had better respect it , and respect you . """
tr	PAST	He eyed them curiously as he approached the lectern .
tr	PAST	A line of light broke the air , then rotated around itself , creating a hole into blackness .
te	PAST	It circled twice then hovered for a moment before setting down a short distance away , facing Hunter and his jet .
tr	PAST	I rocketed over the steep hill and felt a burning sensation in my thighs and calves .
tr	PAST	Liam thumped his back against the wall and sighed .
tr	PAST	Jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	He ripped that damn stake from her .
tr	PAST	She hopped with excitement beside him .
te	PAST	Kylie sensed she was searching her mind , trying to remember .
va	PAST	The toad hopped just behind him .
tr	PAST	Kevin washed his hands way more thoroughly .
tr	PAST	Another rattle , closer now .
te	PAST	Hannah grunted , crawling up his leg , snatching at his clothes and screaming , but he was quick .
tr	PAST	 They probably think we 're lovers , checking in for a night of passion ,  I joked , trying to keep the mood light .
tr	PAST	She teleported it to me this morning .
tr	PAST	I actually faltered a little when the big room proved to be empty .
tr	PAST	Persephone huffed and spun on her heel .
tr	PAST	The vampire regarded Lyall up and down in a very considering sort of way .
tr	PAST	Desperately he longed for his dark side to come to the surface .
tr	PAST	The atmosphere eased as everyone admitted that they were starved .
te	PAST	Elaine rotated the stick of wax over the flame until it was ready .
tr	PAST	Ares adjusted the strap on his automatic rifle and stayed behind his father .
tr	PAST	Throwing her entire body into the effort , she hopped up and down , grunting like a wounded animal .
tr	PAST	You handled yourself like a true professional .
tr	PAST	Quinlan 's voice rumbled next to her .
va	PAST	Archer tipped back in his chair and whistled softly .
va	PAST	Naomi provided an outlet .
tr	PAST	Her vision blurred and her eyes burned from the light .
va	PAST	Apparently , a ruddy great slab of concrete has lurched down a slope and exposed this skeleton .
tr	PAST	Jane 's words bounced around inside Tick 's mind , trying to sort themselves into something that made sense .
tr	PAST	This kind of stuff enthralled people of all ages .
tr	PAST	 No , no ,  Jane exclaimed , waving him back down .
tr	PAST	' All of them , ' urged Spike , bending down to add the last leg bone .
tr	PAST	She eyed him , as if trying to decide if that very pronouncement were some kind of mockery .
tr	PAST	 I am aware that the rules changed ,  the man said , his eyes squinted at Felix in a suspicious expression .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened and Grace could see he was quite taken with this bachelor auction .
va	PAST	Her texts always brightened my day .
va	PAST	Since her arrival the day before she 'd toured the formal gardens with Mr. Pendleton and later walked down to the estate 's private beach .
tr	PAST	" I only volunteered because I thought I 'd see some action .
tr	PAST	He bore the scars of a tough life , and one of his blue eyes was permanently squinting .
tr	PAST	With a final flick of a switch , a row of monitors glowed to life across the top of the control board .
tr	PAST	A strange warmth seeped into her outer limbs , it replaced the cold chill that had been there before .
tr	PRES	He hauled in a deep breath .
tr	PAST	A shadow chased me in the woods .
tr	PRES	The light blazes up in Carolina 's hand , filling the bathroom with a soft , white light .
tr	PRES	 What about Cathy ? """
tr	PAST	"come bearing gifts , "" she joked , putting the ice bucket and brandy on the small table with the wine ."
tr	PAST	She straightened her company polo shirt and took a quick look at her Motorola employee badge that hung around her neck .
tr	PAST	Lennox jerks up the crossbow and fires .
tr	PAST	Benji stuffed his backpack and smirked at me while I packed mine .
tr	PAST	 I can 't believe you 're really here ,  Bree exclaimed as she engulfed Sierra in a hug .
te	PAST	He heaved a deep sigh .
tr	PAST	Steve extracted a failed polymer sphere from a beaker and looked closely at the surface .
tr	PAST	After several long , drawn-out hours , the yelling subsided and I noticed most of the others trying to sleep .
tr	PAST	Her whole body tensed .
va	PAST	Chapter Fifteen Ghosts of the Fairground I emerged , squinting in the darkness , trying to see where I was .
tr	PAST	He smacked his hand down on it .
tr	PAST	He marched up to the nurse 's station again .
tr	PAST	 Don 't be silly ,  she scoffed .
tr	PAST	 Yes you all received ten assignments . 
tr	PAST	She tugged her lightweight sweater closed over her floral sundress she 'd borrowed from Starr .
tr	PAST	"Smiles Greg , grabbing a large green wheelbarrow from beside him . """
tr	PAST	Fireworks exploded inside her head .
te	PAST	Using the techniques of meditation , she willed herself to an outer and inner stillness .
tr	PAST	He donned a charming black suit complete with vest and bow-tie .
tr	PAST	" I served the principality and I did it well .
tr	PRES	Ervin stands and opens the dry box , snapping Serena from her concentration .
tr	PAST	It matched her eyes to perfection .
tr	PAST	 Oh , please , "" she scoffed ."
tr	PAST	He threaded one hand through her hair and kissed her quickly .
tr	PAST	Across the yard in the parking area , Brandon slumped in the front seat of his truck .
tr	PAST	I slapped them around his ankles and wrists .
va	PAST	Abigail bowed her head .
tr	PAST	I slowed my steps and let my eyes sweep over her skintight jeans and low-cut top .
tr	PAST	Alec adjusted his grip on the punch bowl and reached out to her , stroking her bare arm .
tr	PAST	With every pass over her ass , she practically purred .
tr	PAST	It flipped 5 times before it came to a rest out in that peanut field .
tr	PAST	Ingle leaped to his feet , horrified .
tr	PAST	 It would have been warmer if you were naked ,  I joked , and she poked me in the chest .
tr	PAST	He greeted her with a nudge to her ear , and she laughed .
tr	PAST	He hopped into his jeans and slid on his black sneakers .
tr	PAST	Emer 's eyes wavered , but she shook her head .
tr	PAST	Renna scoffed into her whiskey glass .
te	PAST	She showered and dressed , and looked around for her mother 's cancer awareness bracelet .
te	PAST	The second man in black emerged from the station building and rejoined his partner .
tr	PAST	" Got no jammies .
tr	PRES	 A giant cliff that falls off into nowhere ."
tr	PAST	 You 'll do ,  Alice amended .
va	PAST	Cale 's shoulders stiffened .
tr	PAST	The puff awaited its turn .
tr	PAST	Her therapist advised her to talk as much as possible and keep nothing bottled up inside .
te	PAST	Dozens of questions swirled through my restless mind , but that voice offered no answers .
tr	PAST	Despite the cold , all of the tribe attended and a great fire was built in the center of the village .
tr	PAST	I slapped a palm to my forehead .
tr	PAST	She wriggled in earnest , knowing she was already late .
tr	PAST	"Pulled me out of the alley , dragged me to his place and ... well , it wasn 't any good . """
tr	PAST	he relayed to the cavalry in the sky .
tr	PAST	 This way ,  he announced , changing their direction east along his newfound scent .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed as more customers entered the bookstore .
te	PAST	I joked in a mock sultry voice .
tr	PAST	 You volunteering ? 
va	PAST	Cartwright chimed in again .
tr	PAST	Her face reflected a ravaged grief that made him hesitate only a second .
va	PAST	 I have already been tortured to the full limits , by that horse ,  he stated dryly , then he sobered .
tr	PAST	She twirled , showing off combat boots I hadn 't seen since high school .
tr	PAST	His green eyes gleamed down at her .
tr	PAST	I stormed passed them both , pushing their shoulders , hard .
tr	PAST	"It looks scrumptious , "" the programmer referred to the steaming container of food he held in his hand ."
va	PAST	Your shield protected us until you touched my bare skin .
tr	PAST	Overwhelmed , he retreated back into himself .
tr	PAST	Nicholas shuffled past me into the house .
tr	PAST	 Time to meet Dick ,  Zo announced .
tr	PAST	 This is a list of five hundred research volunteers ,  he stated .
tr	PAST	Basically , it handled like a brick .
te	PAST	Voices floated up from below .
te	PAST	Not even a hundred feet away , the eyes reappeared .
tr	PAST	The voice inside reassured him that there was no other choice .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled and he shook his head again .
tr	PAST	She bounced a little on her toes .
tr	PAST	" Zane handled that shit .
tr	PAST	Aris received her amazement with an enigmatic smile , one that had Selene itching to know just what stories it was hiding .
tr	PAST	The war party charged out of the forest and through the cornfield .
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE SIXTY MINUTES OBJECTIVE TIME .
tr	PRES	I stir my ice with my straw .
tr	PRES	She likes you - likes you .
tr	PAST	Her fingers scrolled over my scalp , like she was trying to read my thoughts .
tr	PRES	He finally announces his discovery to the rest of his team by whispering ,  We have a tiger . """
tr	PAST	My body tensed , because I knew that bump .
tr	PAST	Ruby clutched her bag and looked at Jo .
tr	PAST	So as she rose from the bed , Claire secured the robe once more and hurried toward that demanding knock .
tr	PAST	When I got to the Criminal Justice Building I obtained a visitor 's pass and walked down the long corridor to the main cell block .
tr	PAST	The thought triggered another smile .
te	PAST	 Has he calculated the probability of such a random event ? 
te	PAST	I pondered calling someone else into the fight to make it more interesting .
va	PAST	 Two minutes and thirty seven seconds ,  he declared as if this fact held significance .
tr	PAST	Tick slapped at his dad 's face with cupped hands , like a dog digging for a bone .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped at the chance he had been given .
tr	PAST	Her body jerked like I slapped her .
va	PAST	She blotted all thought of Lasher from her mind .
tr	PAST	"Relief washed through the child 's eyes and he grinned broadly . "" '"
tr	PAST	Immediately the man quieted down .
tr	PAST	She inched closer to the second chamber , her heart beating heavily in her chest .
tr	PAST	That bothered Alonso , and it put a frown on his face again .
tr	PAST	Her eyes strayed to the glowing silver locks in Sophia 's hair .
tr	PAST	Savannah exhaled , a breathy little laugh escaping .
tr	PAST	She screeched as she was yanked without warning into an alcove .
te	PAST	They reversed course and tried again .
tr	PAST	she countered , then she dropped her head on the ground and closed her eyes .
tr	PAST	He acted like kissing me had blown his mind .
te	PAST	It transformed into a wooden pier that forged into the bay , widened at its end into the circular platform where she was standing .
tr	PAST	"I dreamed of it becoming my "" thing "" ."
tr	PAST	I crawled towards the lip of the well and looked down .
tr	PAST	I froze instantly , my eyes scanning left and right , though I struggled not to crane my neck or spin around .
tr	PAST	Joni 's sweet voice floated through the phone .
te	PAST	As silently as she could , she tiptoed over the dusty floor toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	A series of long and short flashes identified her .
te	PAST	Josh dove into the thick layer of brush and small trees that lined the clearing .
te	PAST	Johnny crunched out a riff whilst the girls and Stu clapped time .
tr	PAST	Giorgio snarled as if responding to a secret conversation .
te	PAST	Her cheek bore a long , thin gash , and she had a bandage tied on one forearm .
te	PAST	"She intended to ask Frank the name of the American agent who had been "" killed . """
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	My breathing sped as I rested my head back against his chest .
va	PAST	I much preferred to tell him the truth in some other way and at some other time , but the choice had been taken away from me .
tr	PAST	Back in camp , two widely spaced receivers recorded their signals so that their computer could plot them in two dimensions .
tr	PAST	As Lucia watched silently , she paged through numbers until she found the one she wanted and connected .
tr	PAST	Kali dug into the cushions and found the remote .
tr	PAST	 No ,  she denied with a shake of her head .
va	PAST	All pounding hooves and leaping arches , they charged through the course , making quick work of the mammoth fences .
va	PAST	Reading the headline , she nearly spewed her coffee .
te	PAST	The automaton froze at Dmitri 's cry , its hand painfully tight around Johannes 's neck .
tr	PAST	Suddenly he owned the company and I 've never really been able to find out exactly how that came about .
tr	PAST	Devon 's breath froze as Luther swung into his driveway , parking the car .
tr	PAST	 Don 't get up Jill , I untied your top to rub in the sunscreen and you 'll give the whole beach a good show . 
tr	PAST	 So basically , you orchestrated all of this . 
tr	PAST	Talbot hopped out of the bed , and they grabbed their things and went inside .
tr	PAST	As if I hadn 't berated myself for that enough over the last year .
va	PAST	 You could get away for a week or two ,  Kim persisted .
tr	PAST	Her gaze faltered and fell .
tr	PAST	Zane 's voice boomed as he walked into the room .
va	PAST	It steadied itself and lurched on .
tr	PAST	I rewind through my dreams .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breath before speaking .
tr	PAST	Smiling grimly , I holstered the gun , renewed my grip on the landing gear and pulled myself up .
tr	PAST	I visited her whenever I could ... but she died six months after being committed .
tr	PAST	Anna floated in , not on Luc 's arm .
tr	PAST	Nothing prevented her from giving herself to him , from belonging to him .
tr	PAST	After dinner , they split a heavenly chocolate souffl and left the lodge .
va	PAST	Kelly swiped his hand over his mouth .
tr	PAST	Sean sheathed his sword , worked his fingers between the cuff and Fionn 's gloved wrist , and twisted one handcuff open .
tr	PAST	I stifled it very respectably though .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed behind me .
tr	PAST	He claimed he was growing jaded .
tr	PAST	She stroked his hair back into his eyes with a flourish and a short laugh .
tr	PAST	She fanned herself with the limp silk .
tr	PAST	"Are you related somehow ? """
tr	PAST	What if her obligations to her job outweighed everything ?
va	PAST	 Oh , my god ,  Rhys cheered .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly .
va	PAST	He risked a peek through barely open eyelids .
tr	PAST	I created these traitors .
tr	PAST	Abby swiped the screen and her face was bathed in an eerie glow .
tr	PAST	Allowing him to go deeper inside of me , I grunted at the sensation .
te	PAST	 He never claimed mastery , though he makes some beautiful things . 
tr	PAST	A nod , and the man turned on his heel , rapped on the door .
tr	PAST	Her family abused the crap out of her .
tr	PAST	He touches my cheek , forcing me to look at him .
tr	PAST	The scientist indicated the lab , stocked with all manner of gadgets .
tr	PAST	Its end dwindled down to a dark point , lit only in a few sections .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled and so transferring the tray to his lap , he began to munch through his breakfast .
tr	PAST	The concern he felt for her and Max bothered him .
tr	PAST	Budda fumbled with several switches and levers , including the wipers , until he found one that turned the headlights completely off .
te	PAST	"Then he enquired , "" What happened tonight ? """
tr	PAST	She giggled with a mischievous smirk .
tr	PAST	He grasped both her hands in his .
tr	PAST	He motioned to just above his hips .
tr	PAST	Bliss washed over her as she came , her body pulsing around his .
tr	PAST	She sensed the man 's presence behind her a split second before an arm in a heavy wool sweater wrapped around her throat .
tr	PAST	" I messed up .
tr	PAST	Putting their hands over their faces , and stumbling into furniture , they exited the front door thirty seconds before the entire ceiling collapsed .
tr	PRES	I chuckle ,  But you love me anyway . """
tr	PAST	I thanked Sally and rang off .
tr	PAST	My phone beeped and I reached for it , noting a text message from Melissa .
tr	PAST	Even though she knew Simon and the animal were one and the same , a shiver of anxiety snaked down her neck .
va	PAST	She gulped and breathed in and out slowly .
tr	PAST	He regarded me coolly .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her .
tr	PAST	Pointing it at the ground in the glade , she thumbed across its edge .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer to him and dropped her head into his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Two notorious fairies who 'd had their teeth sharpened like the elves ' had left me with some permanent physical damage .
tr	PAST	"Pausing , I add , "" Wow ."
va	PAST	His hands clasped mine and he blew on my mouth softly .
tr	PAST	 Yes ,  she cheered and grinned up at him .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes pleaded with her .
tr	PAST	"Cheryl stated the slogan with Julia , "" Use whatever you got to get a tip . """
tr	PAST	"She massaged her temples and said , "" The much more pressing issue now is informing the Council that we were infiltrated ."
tr	PAST	He also only triggered the blast after fully evacuating the building .
va	PAST	My heart doubled its beat .
tr	PAST	She had risen slightly above the rest and was gazing in that direction , her eyes shrouded in rippling blackness .
tr	PAST	But from here to Rome , citizens remarked how strange it is that no one has seen the Roman for at least a century .
tr	PAST	 Wonder if the head shot was lucky , or from experience ,  Hemp pondered .
tr	PAST	Normally we solved our own problems .
tr	PAST	Corrado snatched them from him .
tr	PAST	Selena eyed him with relief but with deep questions in her eyes .
tr	PAST	George extended his hand , and the two shook on the promise .
tr	PAST	He steadied her with a hand on either arm .
tr	PAST	 Forbid her ,  Hart said , words clipped .
tr	PAST	Emma cringed , waiting to feel the blade on her flesh .
tr	PAST	Late last year , a man named William Wyatt disappeared .
tr	PAST	I awoke some time later on a hard bed with a thin sheet draped over my body .
tr	PAST	While I rocked her , my attention roamed over the mass of men filling up the space .
tr	PAST	When they were all gone , I floated myself downward until my feet were back on the mat .
tr	PAST	 Alana dumped you ? 
tr	PAST	 Dammit , Ty ,  Nick grunted .
tr	PAST	Even with her normal hair color , I doubted anyone would 've recognized her .
tr	PAST	A rustling in the distance alerted her to assistance and she scrambled forward with a new found dexterity .
te	PAST	I blamed it on Sydney being a light sleeper , which Rose mostly seemed to accept .
va	PAST	Pillows lined the room , and an ornate hookah sat on a low table at one end .
va	PAST	Got a piano here . '
va	PAST	He tipped the vodka bottle over his glass and replenished his drink .
tr	PAST	But one little sheet advertised A Week in Winter and promised a warm , welcoming house and miles of sand and cliffs and wild birds .
tr	PAST	The cells themselves are a pathetic testament to security , only a collection of iron bars spaced just tightly enough to prevent most from slipping through .
tr	PAST	Her hot breath bounced back at her inside the bag , making her think of a tomb .
tr	PAST	My body perked up at the sight .
tr	PAST	"Feels so damn good , "" he crooned , lacing his fingers into her hair as her tongue twirled around him from the inside ."
va	PAST	Hawthorne represented the bleakness of his parents ' marriage and his own boyhood .
va	PAST	Catfish bellowed over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	God how I feared it .
tr	PAST	A smile split from his mouth when he saw Len .
tr	PAST	Clementine basked in the ambient light 's glory a little while longer before responding .
tr	PAST	That he really existed .
tr	PAST	With my elbows on his shoulders , I threaded the hair on the back of his head through my fingers and kissed the top of his head .
tr	PAST	He plopped down and looked out the window at the sad gray exterior of the apartment complex across the street .
tr	PAST	She learnt to avoid the furry , green grass that stung when you touched it .
tr	PAST	With a groan he claimed her mouth fully .
tr	PAST	"He withdrew his hand from mine and placed it on my back , pressed me forward as he answered , "" No ."
va	PAST	As much as I hated to admit it , her final words bothered me .
tr	PAST	He grieved for that bright happy young woman he first met on Christmas Eve , who wrote such vivacious letters .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs in his pants .
tr	PAST	Bastian 's eyes twinkled as he sipped on his drink .
tr	PAST	But speaking of senses , something acrid and musty penetrated my awareness .
te	PAST	My jaw tightened , my teeth gritted .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a set of plush chairs by the fire , and Nolen happily took the one closest to the heat .
va	PAST	He fumbled with it , his eyes wide , as I brought the Beetle to life with a roar .
tr	PAST	 Your wife 's pregnant ,  she revealed abruptly .
tr	PAST	Lucas sensed her emotion shifting into a deep sorrow , accompanied by the distinct feeling of frustration .
tr	PAST	He acted impulsively , turned off the car and went in search of an area to bury the body .
tr	PAST	" I panicked and called the police , but they didn 't find anything .
tr	PAST	Jake sensed that if Marika hadn 't grabbed him , he might have ended the same as the creature .
tr	PAST	Allen charged ,  What are you talking about ? """
tr	PAST	She writhed and quickly came to her knees .
tr	PAST	Nadia doubted a spell of forgetting could wreck Elizabeth that badly .
va	PAST	 He handled it well . 
tr	PAST	He sniffed at his armpit and grimaced ; it reeked .
tr	PAST	Her sex convulsed , sucking him deeper inside her hot wetness .
tr	PAST	He readied his fist to hit her again , but the eerie smile on her lips stopped him .
tr	PAST	' It could be , ' he countered .
tr	PAST	Gathering Kane to his side , he fled across the Cathedral , his wounded leg on fire .
tr	PAST	Vanessa sprang at her , stabbing her with the other tiny dart .
tr	PAST	Or at least dumped there after being murdered .
va	PAST	Lighting a cigarette , he inhaled deeply and felt the fear ebb away .
tr	PAST	While the woman speaks she takes the opportunity to acquaint herself with table , charts , equipment , brushing her fingertips over the naked lightbulb .
tr	PAST	A soft female voice floated through the door .
tr	PAST	She trudged through the darkness , jumping at every sound or movement out of the corner of her eye .
va	PAST	' Whatever you think is keeping you in Tokyo will flow under any surfboard you ride , ' urged Shimizu .
tr	PAST	Tasha motioned vaguely over towards Hal , who was busily coiling up the thick and heavy ropes that were used for rigging the sails .
tr	PAST	So they concocted a story that he 'd joined the RAF and was shot down on his first mission .
tr	PAST	 Carys Chase ,  Nathan announced firmly .
te	PAST	"Got revenge on men and took out strangers to their land at the same time . """
tr	PAST	he exclaimed just as the puffing Viscount came to stand behind him and look down the line .
tr	PAST	One of his hands cupped her cheek as the other wrapped around her waist .
tr	PAST	"There must be something that is moving out there , "" the president persisted , getting angry ."
tr	PAST	My pinched face and red eyes reflected from my vanity 's mirror .
tr	PAST	 Jake ...  His name scraped out of her convulsing throat .
tr	PAST	She pretended not to hear .
te	PAST	She collected the glasses from the table , still feeling Singer 's eyes on her .
tr	PAST	Caroline inquired as she and her mother began to eat the food Ernest had just placed before them .
tr	PAST	 I agree with Eva ,  Kincaid chimed in .
tr	PAST	He floated like a little balloon way up there , bumping against the stone ceiling .
tr	PAST	Their seventh flight to the station exploded on liftoff , which put their program on hold , where it still is .
tr	PAST	Sticking his hand into every one of the pockets produced the same results .
tr	PAST	So Dagmar fol owed Rhiannon .
va	PAST	Loki gently tugged on my hand .
tr	PAST	He motioned me around to the rider side of the cab , like I should get in and join him .
tr	PAST	Someone stole it from my office during the party last night .
tr	PAST	They flocked to them for services such as hunting and killing , having realised the true value of their supernatural powers .
tr	PAST	he asked , his face pinched with concern .
tr	PAST	Not that it lingered more than a second .
tr	PAST	His mind chattered frantically .
te	PAST	He motioned up the stairs .
tr	PAST	He slowed further , almost stopped .
te	PAST	He never achieved anything he set out to do , but that happens when you never set goals for yourself .
te	PAST	" You invite us for dinner .
tr	PAST	In fact , he resigned from the force almost immediately after moving me to a safe house in Nebraska with his grandmother .
tr	PRES	Small herds of animals plodded along , their herders cursing the other travelers .
tr	PAST	Usually the postal system destroyed at least one quarter of his mail .
tr	PRES	Was he punished ? "
tr	PAST	The ringing of his phone jolted him .
te	PAST	Her mouth curved slowly , her eyes dancing .
tr	PAST	Somehow they messed with things to make a radial signal , however weak it may be .
tr	PAST	She regained her composure remarkably quickly and adopted a clumsy defensive stance .
tr	PAST	She pretended she hadn 't been admiring him .
tr	PAST	The image weaved over and around the hills until it came upon a rocky bluff .
va	PAST	And so , they dashed off down a side corridor , flashlights bobbing and pounding footsteps receding .
tr	PAST	He clicked off and turned briefly to the man in the navigator 's seat .
tr	PAST	Pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
tr	PAST	I padded down the hallway , peeking into the living room .
tr	PAST	When two suns were present , this tropism adjusted to the radiation balance .
tr	PAST	Luc cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	He appealed to me .
tr	PAST	Not concentrating where I went , I bumped into someone hard and fell down .
tr	PAST	he rasped down at her .
tr	PAST	Selena crouched beside him .
tr	PAST	Gray prayed they still had enough time .
va	PAST	She sobered , her voice strained as sincere green eyes slanted up to me .
te	PAST	All around me things shattered and exploded , scaring me .
tr	PAST	 Yes and no ,  he stated .
tr	PAST	"One of the guys must have dug it up and tossed it here . """
tr	PAST	Her father tugged her away , taking her place at his side .
te	PAST	Beth slapped a hand on the table as she stood , leaning toward Scribner .
tr	PAST	With her permission my mother prevailed on his rustic guardians to yield their charge to him .
tr	PAST	They hauled him aboard and brought him back to safety .
tr	PAST	 The master wants the prophet , Were ,  the vampire stated the obvious in a frigid voice .
te	PAST	Molly stifled her laugh .
tr	PAST	 But , My Lord ,  I dared a final time .
tr	PAST	They reported , ultimately , to me .
tr	PAST	"I unfolded it and read , "" Dear Jacks , I first want to say I am truly sorry for hurting you throughout this past year ."
tr	PAST	he asked , innocence painted on every word .
tr	PAST	The pain persisted and she closed her eyes .
tr	PAST	I tuned in to the local radio station as I left the interstate .
tr	PAST	 We could always work out together ,  I joked halfheartedly , and was gratified to hear the sound of her laugh .
tr	PAST	Cautiously , as though approaching a lost and frightened kitten , Steve advanced a couple of steps .
tr	PAST	The moment he stepped inside the pantry , the already confined space shrank to virtually the size of an electron .
te	PAST	The dragon shrieked louder as if frustrated by her actions .
tr	PAST	Her green eyes twinkled with her words .
te	PAST	Christine wiggled her eyebrows , a huge smile on her face .
tr	PAST	Familiar , older feelings washed over him from that time when life was as it was supposed to be .
tr	PAST	He propped himself on both elbows above me , tensing his entire body in preparation .
tr	PAST	I crawled faster , almost delirious from the pain , but through my tears and the smoke , I saw Silver Hair raise his knife .
te	PAST	I tensed , waiting for the questioning words that would slice me open .
tr	PAST	Still , the loud pounding music heightened her anxiety .
tr	PAST	Holiday motioned for Kylie to sit on the mat .
tr	PAST	He bent to her , kissing her gently , tasting his blood upon her lips as he relished in her .
tr	PAST	In front of him he distinguished a shadowy figure , motionless .
tr	PAST	Two days after the incident at the pool I received a letter at the office , hand-delivered by an embassy driver .
tr	PAST	He extended a gloved hand .
tr	PAST	He cups my face in his hands , drops his forehead down to rest on mine .
tr	PAST	She crouched next to Miranda and tapped her nose .
tr	PAST	"He just acted like himself and you know how that is . """
tr	PAST	I snuggled in tight against him .
tr	PAST	Her mother scooped her keys off the desk and tossed them to her .
tr	PAST	He flicked a switch on the front of the machine and the lid rose to expose the screen .
tr	PAST	Harden adjusted his jacket and straightened his tie .
tr	PAST	 I 'd like to see my father , please ,  the little boy chirped up at her .
tr	PAST	"Furthermore , the period required to decipher the message could allow the crook additional time to disappear before the buyer found the information disappointing . """
tr	PAST	The road winds higher through the foothills , and after a day you have reached the foot of the pass .
tr	PAST	The lock engaged and bolted .
tr	PAST	I motioned toward where the trees were thickest , and we maneuvered our way over , managing to find a dry place despite everything .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my demos and was about to head down when Lilith gripped my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Nicola stilled , her mind whirling .
tr	PAST	Thomas shivered and decided that it was a word best left unsaid .
tr	PAST	Timothy eyed Max for a few seconds , then the three of them as a group .
va	PAST	He produced a stack of photographs and laid them on the bedside table next to the bottle of pills .
tr	PAST	I bullet over and pull her into the woods away from the chaos and into the irony of the forest that was once deemed too dangerous .
tr	PAST	 Layla hooked up with someone ? 
tr	PAST	Fear fisted her entire body .
tr	PAST	The water boiled , he poured himself some tea , and then he sat in a chair by the hearth .
tr	PAST	The tiger leaped straight from the riverbank at Monk .
va	PAST	Ainsley rather doubted that .
tr	PAST	He circled his finger in the air to tell me to wrap it up , then pointed to his cop car .
tr	PAST	She stiffened then , tossing her chin in the air like I had offended her and turned to Jericho .
tr	PAST	He sobbed almost uncontrollably on her shoulder for some time .
tr	PAST	He snatched a bottle up with eager hands , looking at the label .
tr	PAST	Cole presses his fingers against my skin , wiping away the blood .
tr	PAST	She weaved on her feet , but Gus grabbed her arm and kept her from toppling over .
tr	PAST	I clasped his cheeks and kissed him again , sliding my tongue inside his hot , waiting mouth , but it didn 't last long .
tr	PAST	Marwan awoke early the next morning , much earlier than usual .
va	PAST	 Sea ... Food ...  Down the gullet went Poseidon .
tr	PAST	 Ohhhhh ,  I moan , clutching at his hair .
tr	PAST	Crouching low to the ground as if in submission she crawled away on all fours , still screaming as loud as she could .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PAST	"I 'm in the middle of a lawsuit with him , actually , "" his voice trembled ."
tr	PAST	Her muscles convulsed around his thick cock , clamping down , taking him with her over the edge .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me through the black hair in his eyes .
te	PAST	The very fact he was right only deepened Shay 's frown .
tr	PAST	 Mr Hepworth , is your business related to that of Alistair Banks ? 
tr	PAST	A picture of the Mexican general adorned the plastic front .
va	PAST	He reciprocated and removed her undershirt .
tr	PAST	But his involuntary guess proved entirely correct , in the event .
va	PAST	 See ... Not ... heavy ... at ... all ,  Nikolas lied .
tr	PAST	His blue eyes flicked uneasily over Simon .
tr	PAST	"One of the servants braved . "" '"
tr	PAST	" Rausch told me about the way he treated you .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to his knees and tried to beg , but could not find the words .
tr	PRES	 Holy fuck . """
tr	PAST	Ezio 's sword bounced away .
tr	PAST	The dimwitted monster grunted as the dervish barreled into it and knocked the mighty thing off its clawed feet .
tr	PAST	Frida clutched at his arm .
tr	PAST	You assaulted a fellow agent tonight .
tr	PAST	Instead , his sleepless night resulted mostly from his resurgent paranoia run amok .
tr	PAST	His green eyes swirled with desire , confusion , fear .
tr	PAST	a female 's soft voice exclaimed .
te	PAST	Apart from their waving in the gentle breeze , not a single motion stirred the stagnation on board the vessel .
tr	PAST	He always referred to Luis as sweetie when he was slightly annoyed .
te	PAST	Marty punched Vincent in the gut , knocking the wind from his lungs .
tr	PAST	Isaac 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	Chapter Nine My head jerked violently off the pillow , startling me awake from a fretful sleep .
tr	PAST	He flung his little arms around his father 's neck and snuggled his head close .
tr	PAST	" No problem , I have what you requested .
te	PRES	 Make him stop , Elena ; he 's only doing more harm ."
tr	PAST	I tugged a frustrated hand through my hair .
tr	PAST	With each second those things didn 't happen , Jason silently thanked a god he hadn 't spoken to in years .
te	PAST	What looked like cutting bones emerged from his back .
tr	PAST	I then proceeded to write down each symbol 's numerical and letter meaning .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her spoon and wondered how to ask a question she knew wouldn 't sit well with a warrior .
tr	PAST	He clasped her arm and kissed her wrist before setting it to rest on his chest .
tr	PAST	His throat pinched but he quickly stifled it .
tr	PAST	Danika 's small body stiffened underneath his hands .
te	PAST	Roy tipped back his own chair .
tr	PAST	 You have only just arrived ,  she hedged .
tr	PAST	Mab 's command floated through the air .
tr	PAST	A scarlet blush crawled up Soren 's neck .
tr	PAST	But still her mind willed her to keep going .
tr	PAST	Complex calculations race through his mind while he adjusts his flight vector .
tr	PAST	Several posters of bikini-clad women holding large guns adorned the other walls .
tr	PAST	Since Kathleen was adamant that it would be safer if Annie attended the ball as another servant , the question of what she would wear arose .
tr	PAST	He cups his hand around his mouth and flicks the top of the lighter .
tr	PAST	She then inhaled in surprise , seeing Pierce behind him .
tr	PAST	Edwina thankfully pretended she hadn 't heard a thing .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth to try to stop the shaking of her body .
tr	PAST	Guilt tugged at her for bringing him into her problems .
tr	PAST	The motorcycle screeched , swerving under the attack .
tr	PAST	She feared that the news might mean the end for this budding relationship , which would be a dreadful shame .
va	PAST	The youngster observed , ' It 's like we 're all being honest with each other at last . '
tr	PAST	# # # # # # # # From Will 's journals : April 29 .
te	PAST	As he ran , he sensed it again , out there .
tr	PAST	He doubted it He thought of Aileen , and of Marten , that incomplete enchanter .
te	PAST	she accused , catching the scent of toothpaste on his breath .
tr	PAST	Her mother feared her .
tr	PAST	They floated in the deep end , adrift and alone .
tr	PAST	He rocked back on his heels .
tr	PAST	The world exploded in light .
tr	PAST	The cool water tasted good .
tr	PAST	 Which would feel like three seconds or so to everybody else ,  Pigeon calculated .
tr	PAST	In the morning she awoke to the beautiful , heavenly sounds of an organ , though she couldn 't see one anywhere .
tr	PAST	Lori swirled the wine in her glass , but didn 't drink any .
tr	PAST	In front of them all , a silver Mercedes crept slowly past the bus station .
tr	PAST	Then a horrifying scream pierced the air .
tr	PAST	She dumped me with my uncle when I was ten .
tr	PAST	He massaged one tantalizing breast , enjoying the way her skin flushed under his gentle caress .
va	PAST	Mike shuddered at the thought .
tr	PAST	They slowed to twenty miles an hour , stuck behind a truck that raised clouds of dust from the dirt road .
tr	PAST	He trudged to Crown Street 's tunnel above which eight or so railway tracks lay .
tr	PAST	Instead , I hopped out and wrote Sleaze across his back window in bright red lipstick .
va	PAST	The rumble of thunder , when it came , was softer than before but she still stiffened .
va	PAST	the sheriff instructed the men .
tr	PAST	They sprouted from the walls and ceiling on narrow mounts , like rectangular electronic flowers blooming among vines of cables .
tr	PAST	"Mia , can I be candid with you ? """
tr	PAST	To escape the oppressive silence , I retreated to my studio .
tr	PAST	He gingerly cuffed her hands together , running the cuff on her right hand through a link of the chain before locking the cuff down .
tr	PAST	" You Pulled on my emotions .
tr	PAST	 I can , "" Kiran volunteered ."
te	PAST	Better than I even dreamed . '
va	PAST	 He 'll come back for us ,  Taylor assured .
tr	PAST	Julia 's body stiffened .
tr	PAST	 She 's ... ,  Lizzie uttered , staring after her out of the window .
tr	PAST	the big man rumbled .
va	PAST	"I eased around to the other side of the truck and said , "" What was that all about ? """
tr	PAST	I blushed to my toes .
tr	PAST	She quickly adjusted his arm , then moved onto to his broken thumb and wrist .
va	PAST	 It is ,  the footman announced bitterly .
tr	PAST	 She is so going to kill us ,  Kamal announced with a nervous shake of his head .
tr	PAST	The Atlantic lapped the Earth so close to my trailer .
tr	PAST	I balled it up and quickly replaced my soaked jacket .
tr	PAST	A lithe arm snaked around my waist .
tr	PAST	I sped up my pace .
va	PAST	Persephone stormed toward us , her feet automatically avoiding the patches of flowers as if she knew exactly where every blossom was .
tr	PAST	Tired , sore , dazed most of the time , Jason trusted his companion more than he 'd ever trusted anything or anyone .
tr	PAST	I smacked him good and then his hands grabbed my wrists .
tr	PAST	Danika scrambled from one side of the room to the other , strange noises emerging from her throat .
tr	PAST	Tess pinched his thigh .
tr	PAST	I abandoned myself to the momentum .
tr	PAST	Amelie lingered , a trace of a frown on her face .
va	PAST	 Yes ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	Tessa reassured her brother that she was still the same little sister he 'd always known , but her mind was only partly engaged with his question .
tr	PAST	She froze and then abruptly pulled away from him .
tr	PAST	It hovered over the treetops , lit by moonlight .
tr	PAST	"Colton smacked his hand on the table jokingly , "" What happened last night ? """
tr	PAST	While she waited for the steam to build , she washed the instruments , then placed them in the sterilizer .
tr	PAST	Gwyn Oliphant , XXXV , scribbled rapidly in his legal notepad , a carryover from his days as an intern with Percival Oliphant , Attorney at Law .
tr	PAST	His fingers dug into the tight muscles of my neck and I tilted my head back .
tr	PAST	She pinched together the corners of flesh , wincing because he didn 't - or wouldn 't let himself .
tr	PAST	 Then tell her ,  she urged .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a large key from his cloak and opened the double doors .
tr	PAST	The scent of her blood engulfed him ; her heartbeat invaded his body and took over his senses .
va	PAST	I received a glancing blow to the head ; he 'd aimed for my shoulders again on the seventeenth stroke .
va	PAST	Instantly he seized a hold of the out stretched arm and pulled it into the path of his foes other appendage .
tr	PAST	I darted in and out .
tr	PAST	The basket weave on the belt matched the one on his shoes .
tr	PAST	He smirked over the young woman on his side .
tr	PAST	Her mind churned through the mystery of the meteorite , and , most recently , the dead room conversation with Pickering .
te	PAST	Next , Ebon jabbed his elbow into the man 's throat , which knocked him off his feet and to the ground hard .
tr	PAST	Miriam exclaimed happily , and Dreamer nodded .
tr	PAST	I strengthened it -- ' ' You destroyed it ! '
tr	PAST	They pretended to hold phones by their ears .
tr	PAST	The bartender stiffened when she got a glimpse of Ryder 's face .
tr	PAST	 Certainly ,  assured the king .
te	PAST	She giggled as he kissed her hand with some extravagance .
tr	PAST	 I defeated a ghost who collected heads . 
tr	PAST	Then he yanked the gray cap from his head and tossed it beside his jacket .
tr	PAST	He swiped his hands in a hard clap .
va	PAST	Well , the whole thing just generated a very odd reaction inside her , one that felt strangely like ... happiness ?
tr	PAST	She thickened her protection in the room , just in case .
tr	PAST	And those that served eventually adjusted and did well enough ... or died .
tr	PAST	When he was finished , Heart of the People spewed the amalgam of spit into the sand .
tr	PAST	Her dad cringed , defeat curling his body inward .
tr	PAST	Leo bellowed desperately from below .
tr	PAST	Ethan cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	To get there required many steps , all heading downwards .
tr	PAST	Now , her thoughts strayed to Finn .
tr	PAST	Instead , the room glowed with soft faerie lights , smaller and softer versions of the orb Alice always made for us .
tr	PAST	I hedged , veering off slightly , before choosing to continue .
tr	PAST	Moonlight spilled through a window across from the bed , and next to it was a door leading to what appeared to be a small parapet .
tr	PAST	We fired on them , managed to kill two , but the rest of them escaped with your body .
tr	PAST	A flash of his real mother 's hands turning pages in a book curved a nervous smile on his lips .
tr	PAST	I screw up more than I don 't .
tr	PAST	Abe and Shorty thanked him again and walked up the paved path through the archway .
tr	PAST	So long as she didn 't allow him to own her she would be just fine , she assured herself .
tr	PAST	Then he pivoted back to the warriors and fell into a jog to join up with them for the night 's patrols .
va	PAST	 I 'm on my way to town ,  Mr. Harris mumbled , looking down as his cheeks started coloring .
tr	PAST	I scribbled across the sheet and passed it back to him .
tr	PAST	I attempted to rip the cold metal away , yet it remained firmly in place , snaked around my arm .
tr	PAST	 Paris blooded you ? 
tr	PAST	I fidgeted at her last statement , but she carried on unaware .
tr	PAST	Wesley commented , smiling at his XO .
tr	PAST	He described her dream , bringing all the details to vivid life and Saxon caught her breath .
tr	PAST	They stripped my clothes off and dressed me .
te	PAST	Beyond the house , a handful of tall wind turbines blended perfectly with the stone pillars .
tr	PAST	We first applied direct pressure , but the flow continued .
tr	PAST	You created us all .
tr	PAST	He swore softly , ripping the clothes from his fettered body , leaping upon her like an attacking jungle cat .
te	PAST	His giant black body wavered slightly , then slumped to the floor .
tr	PAST	White surf churned around it .
te	PAST	After Perez spoke Mike exhaled .
tr	PAST	The older man motioned to Droopy , who promptly closed the door leading out of the office .
va	PAST	She tensed as though she prepared for the final thrust that would send his blood spraying across the room and end his life .
va	PAST	A further search revealed nothing else of consequence .
te	PAST	The saddlebags of the two horses revealed clothes , food , and a few coins .
va	PAST	That just cemented the deal .
va	PAST	She flicked her eyes down to check his hand : his thumb was pointing straight down .
tr	PAST	Still barefoot , stripped to his shorts and shirt , sleeping like a baby .
tr	PAST	I stormed off , and Grey followed after me .
tr	PAST	Her breath bounced off the rock and blew back into her face .
va	PAST	Resting his elbows on his knees , Jared clasped his hands together .
tr	PAST	Her doorbell chimed and she turned to glare at it .
tr	PAST	The station reported that Danny Daniels was on his way back to Washington , aboard Air Force One .
tr	PAST	As depressing as the thought was , everyone in his life had been drawn to him for an ulterior motive , even those he trusted .
va	PAST	 Yeah ,  I mumbled , trying to concentrate .
tr	PAST	 We can handle them ,  she pleaded .
tr	PAST	 Wait till you see what we do with the ornaments ,  Jenny 's volunteer helper announced .
tr	PAST	Mr. Hall eyed me over the top of the paper , then looked at the form again .
tr	PAST	Michael untied the bow at her waist which was the only thing holding her dress on .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her cleaning smock into her caddy .
tr	PAST	His father cocked an eyebrow but didn 't reply .
tr	PAST	He raised his hand again , the dagger still clutched there , before slashing another wound on his chest , a direct crisscross .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven Alethea downed her third shot of what the bartender had promised would knock her on her ass : Three Wise Men .
tr	PAST	The old man chimed in quickly .
va	PAST	he asked , his words muffled by the pillow .
tr	PAST	 I think that means she likes it , sis ,  he joked .
tr	PAST	Colorful tapestries splashed the walls there now .
va	PAST	She shivered and rubbed the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	 They carted you away in an ambulance , and that 's where you are ! 
tr	PAST	He flicked his screen back to the coding he 'd been working on earlier and froze in shock .
tr	PAST	They didn 't try to stop it or grab the men inside , they just tipped the damn thing over .
tr	PAST	For weeks the police and the Hunters attempted to keep up with her movements .
tr	PAST	The fire rustled in the grate .
tr	PAST	Kylie flinched as the beast stood .
va	PAST	He touches her arm , saying .
tr	PAST	He slowed to make the turn onto the side lane that led to the implement building .
va	PAST	Molly hollered , catching me by the arm and dragging me into the kitchen with her .
tr	PAST	And he thrust into her .
tr	PAST	He seriously doubted his ability to drive the car at all in this state .
tr	PAST	 Kind of arrogant ,  he countered .
tr	PAST	 I lied . 
tr	PAST	With a great whoosh , fire burst upward , everything around that little match roaring to life with angry orange flames .
tr	PAST	She shudders as a strange feeling that she is being watched washes over her .
tr	PAST	"Instead , he exclaimed excitedly , "" What !"
tr	PAST	Gretchen drank coffee and ate what remained of last night 's Chinese meal , wistfully remembering the enormous all-American breakfasts of her past .
te	PAST	I grunted as his fangs tore at it .
tr	PAST	An upper window exploded outwards , and flames licked along the edge of the roof ; Moist ducked into the doorway as glass rained down .
tr	PAST	He fetched the shirt from his drawer .
tr	PAST	She paced the carpet in short , choppy steps , her newly liberated anger growing with each stride .
tr	PAST	 She 'll be back ,  Margaret assured us .
tr	PAST	Glass rained down on the seats and the car almost swerved over the center line before he steered it back .
tr	PAST	"Absolutely nothing , "" he vowed , the sincerity in his eyes driving the truth of his words into my heart like a hammer ."
tr	PAST	he inquired in a low voice .
tr	PAST	The thing shrieked , and lunged at his ship .
tr	PAST	- Gabe H. Gabe I leaned against the wall as the music from the practice room filtered faintly into the hallway .
tr	PAST	The dashboard lights sparked off the glint of humor in his green eyes .
tr	PAST	Lance swiped at the tears that had escaped down my cheek .
tr	PAST	 His name is Geronimo too ,  she announced .
tr	PAST	It gratified me , validated me , but it was all empty , a facade .
tr	PAST	Emily twirled the nursery monitor by the flexible antennae .
tr	PAST	I nestled my back against the turbine tower , pulled out this journal , and began to write .
tr	PAST	 Don 't worry , I 'm keeping track ,  Lira joked .
te	PAST	Like one big extended happy family .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me .
tr	PAST	The blond-haired eye candy ambled over with an adorable crooked smile .
tr	PRES	He likes to cut the hair of those he 's conquered and then strings them up for all to see .
tr	PAST	 John , "" she sniffed ."
tr	PAST	Shea experienced a curious shifting of the earth beneath her feet .
te	PAST	He bowed his head .
tr	PAST	"Nicole clasped her hands before her and said weakly , "" I like both ? """
tr	PAST	 Just call him Bob ,  she giggled as she watched the rodent float in the garbage can .
tr	PAST	My feet shuffled forward .
tr	PAST	After the house fell silent and the echo of Phillip 's car had died down , Beverly finally roused herself .
tr	PAST	Arrows swam through the air like schools of flying fish seeking dark scaled dragon flesh to pierce .
tr	PAST	 She lied . 
te	PAST	Karou still marveled at the way in which Zuzana had accepted her whole bizarre story .
tr	PAST	Kathleen nuzzled beneath his chin with one last purr of contentment .
te	PAST	She nuzzled my cheek , and my desire stirred , pressing aside my darkness .
tr	PAST	As he gazed on looking up at the sky , three green shooting stars swooped by .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the stomach and was satisfied when a soft grunt escaped his lips .
tr	PAST	His body ached from dozens of bruises and cuts , and he didn 't even know when his cloak had ripped free .
tr	PAST	Relief washed across his face as the bright pink spots began to fade from Aunt Vi 's complexion and her mouth regained its usual appearance .
tr	PAST	 Good  I stated .
va	PAST	You see , my father never approved of my lifestyle .
tr	PAST	Rachel inhaled his sweet , musky scent as he ran his tongue along her lips .
va	PAST	Shock froze my feet in place .
tr	PAST	The Viper agents utilized the marble columns for cover , but unfortunately Scorpion scum had the same idea .
tr	PAST	The scuttling chased us .
va	PAST	" And I quit smoking .
tr	PRES	With every incision into my skin , the pain begins to subside as blood covers the floor .
tr	PAST	No , her car exploded .
tr	PRES	 No argument ! """
tr	PAST	 I don 't feel I 've changed ,  she confessed .
te	PAST	 The hairdresser 's here ,  Jacqueline announced , ushering Alix into the house .
tr	PAST	Underneath the scars , the woman bore a red tattoo very similar in design to Vane 's .
tr	PAST	I dove into the water and swam as close as I could to them without crossing the boundary .
tr	PAST	Rage bubbled up inside of her , fiercer and sharper than anything she 'd felt before .
va	PAST	 You let it melt in your mouth ,  she advised softly .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone would believe her , but we couldn 't risk attracting attention from someone who would .
te	PAST	He attempted to pull his rifle up to shoot , but he didn 't have a chance .
tr	PAST	Twelve Thirty hopped and clapped his moustache together in excitement .
tr	PAST	Once , twice , three times he unfolded the thick paper to reveal his prize , a ten of spades playing card .
tr	PAST	After that , his outlook soured into one of bitterness and anger .
va	PAST	She clutched at his wrist and tried to glare at him as her cheeks turned scarlet .
tr	PAST	Had Matthew not been awake already , he doubted he would have heard Bax at all .
te	PAST	Gift twinkled back at her .
tr	PAST	The small circle of men busted out laughing .
tr	PAST	Her whole body tensed at his words .
te	PAST	" I heard , anyhow .
tr	PAST	He sobered with a shaky breath .
tr	PAST	 This is it , a perfect fit , "" he exclaimed upon collecting his wits ."
tr	PAST	She shuddered at the indiscernible look in his eyes , but followed him anyway .
tr	PAST	"the voice thundered from mid torso "" Reply , stranger . """
tr	PAST	 He 's okay ,  Derek assured him first .
tr	PAST	He recited that very song over and over again .
te	PAST	Something stirred inside me and it felt a hell of a lot like desire .
tr	PAST	With a squeal of rubber on asphalt they sped off without another word .
tr	PAST	" I 've not stuffed anything in Ty 's bed in some years .
tr	PAST	The words taste acrid in my mouth because I know I don 't mean them .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the zipper of the portfolio .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it again , and held it up as evidence .
tr	PRES	Jerking her elbow from the council member 's grasp , Serena returns a harsh gaze and doesn 't answer .
tr	PAST	The floor appeared to be black painted steel , scratches in its surface shining brightly against the hard black all around .
tr	PAST	His green eyes bore into mine with stern appeal .
tr	PAST	Elena jabbed the candle 's flame against his neck .
tr	PAST	 We faked my death , a necessary device due to my small amount of fame , or in some views , my notoriety ."
te	PAST	Now that I was there , she just mumbled quietly as she input information .
tr	PAST	She flattened her palms on his bare chest and slid her fingers up to close around his shoulders .
va	PAST	I stuffed my bed with extra sheets and pillows , letting him think I was fast asleep .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her watching him because he turned his head slightly and their eyes met .
tr	PAST	We dumped our cash onto the floor and separated the bills by likeness .
tr	PAST	Instead , she gritted her teeth , lowered herself to the chair and wheeled herself to the sink .
te	PAST	Eli tugged on his leash .
tr	PAST	The young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corner of his lips right before his mouth covered hers .
tr	PAST	The brakes squealed , a sharp screech echoing up and down the tunnel .
tr	PAST	"We lied about our ages so we could enroll in school . """
tr	PAST	He phoned at noon to confirm their meeting time .
te	PAST	Hoping our bodies still hid what I was doing , I slowly tugged it free .
tr	PAST	He thrust his h * ps forward and his c * ck glided through the valley between her buttocks , his path eased by the weeping head .
tr	PAST	He cocked the gun again .
tr	PAST	Ryan punched the star quarterback a little too hard in the shoulder pad .
tr	PAST	And I proceeded to watch a rather amusing display of TV magic .
tr	PAST	Picking up her glass , she swirled the red liquid in the glass as she 'd seen wine connoisseurs do on television .
tr	PAST	Noise from the other room barely delayed his focus .
te	PAST	After about an hour of that , I trudged upstairs toward my room .
te	PAST	The floor of the room split down the middle , tearing the carpet and splintering the floorboards .
te	PAST	Over the next several minutes , the waiting game slowed down his heart rate .
tr	PAST	It fractured and clattered onto his foot .
tr	PAST	And everything screeched to a halt .
tr	PAST	Still , Roland regarded the room as suspect , as though perhaps there were magical ears within the walls .
tr	PAST	Dingo hopped up into the back , turned and regarded me and barked once .
tr	PAST	Thinking I 've missed out , I race up to him and practically bowl him over .
te	PAST	She then described how she had heard those within and decided to try to make contact .
tr	PAST	The sweating man froze .
tr	PAST	With his eyes accustomed to the dimness , Jake spotted movement at Kady 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Seventy-five souls trusted us to get them safely to Matins IV .
va	PAST	They hauled Hilda out into the court , her hands bound in rope .
va	PAST	Ignoring the pain , she tugged on the chain again and yet again , but to no avail .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , they sped up their pace as though it would only take minutes for the first truck to be filled .
va	PAST	In a fit of anger , Medusa smashed every mirror within the temple walls to obliterate every reminder of what had once been .
tr	PAST	Everyone froze -- even the cicadas that had been chirping in the trees and the crickets making music among the grass of the field ceased their calls .
tr	PAST	Smoke tensed at his approach but didn 't challenge him or back away .
tr	PAST	Jamison exclaimed with a laugh .
tr	PAST	Fingers groped from beneath the shawl , skeletal and uncoordinated .
te	PAST	Violet exclaimed , racing across the park , her auburn hair flying behind her .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and found the smeared words illegible except for one name : Robert Piedmont .
tr	PAST	I trusted this man with my life .
tr	PAST	Then he adjusted his weapons belt and obediently trudged after Tasha .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the groove in the tile of the entryway , pushing the hem of my yoga pants into it with my toes .
tr	PAST	Bia 's pace occasionally slowed and she stared up at the pieces .
va	PAST	As Mason pounded across hard dirt , his teams unleashed seven levels of hell on the Lycans .
tr	PAST	Strands of her hair caressed his skin like live wires against a switchboard .
va	PAST	He promptly conjured a light orb , causing the skeleton to snap its head in his direction .
tr	PAST	The murmurs of conversation slowed .
tr	PAST	Leonardo produced a packet of papers , which he handed over .
tr	PAST	He tricked the Clave into believing he had a force of only twenty with him , when in fact he had more .
tr	PAST	She marveled at the dexterity of McCall 's hands as reloaded his pistols .
tr	PAST	They instinctively protected their faces from the bats that they knew would be at the twenty metre mark .
tr	PAST	So many questions swirled around in my head that I felt like it was going to explode .
tr	PAST	I shuffled past him carefully , went into the living room , and picked up the remote , turning the song down .
va	PAST	When her little body hurtled into his arms , he pretended to fall backwards with the impact as she giggled her delight .
te	PAST	She crawled to one of the edges of the coffin statue .
tr	PAST	The room contained minimal furniture .
tr	PAST	"Moving water that far required you to use the river 's own flow and pressure . """
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the radio , just for something to do , scanning through the few radio stations that come in clearly in Shelby .
tr	PAST	Master slowly circled around to the back of the table and stood behind Faith .
tr	PAST	I threaded through the tables , making sure to keep my right hand affixed to my thigh so it wouldn 't accidentally brush anyone .
tr	PAST	Shifting Red so that she could carry the cat with one arm , she linked her free arm in John 's and pulled him toward the door .
tr	PAST	" Dev -  "" I swore I would do better and try harder ."
tr	PAST	ONCE INSIDE ANGEL 'S , Rafe singled out his brother and pulled him outside for a talk .
tr	PAST	Using a floodlight to point to various areas of the sky , she described the world above .
tr	PAST	The barman squinted at it .
tr	PAST	In 60 BC , Caesar , Crassus and Pompey formed a political alliance that was to dominate Roman politics for several years .
tr	PAST	Michael swore it to himself over and over .
tr	PAST	Dream energy shivered through her .
va	PAST	" She never stated a reason ,  the lawyer said blandly , "" and I never asked for one ."
tr	PAST	Anger replaced fear as certainty overcame doubt .
tr	PAST	The silvery glow of the moonlight reflected off of his menacing white face .
te	PAST	Melanie adjusted the top .
tr	PAST	A warm , strong hand curved along my cheek ; the touch was so different than my mother 's , but equally powerful and heartbreakingly tender .
te	PAST	Darien marveled at the tiny human pleasures .
va	PAST	As she grasped where I was heading , Cleopatra froze in her tracks , dismay immediately flooding her features .
te	PAST	He berated himself for not having the business sense to keep his saddle .
tr	PAST	For a few moments I crouched beside his inert body , pleading wildly with his to come back to me , crying out to his almost insanely .
tr	PAST	They stripped her pack off and roughly patted down her cargo pockets on her pants .
tr	PAST	She sped over the fields , and when the hall 's threshold appeared before her , she did not slow down -- she only raced faster .
tr	PAST	 Hey ,  he protested , dodging .
tr	PAST	I saluted and left .
tr	PAST	His hands seized my face , and I thought he was going to push me away again .
tr	PAST	Icy terror froze the scream building in my chest as I jerked back , breaking the hold around my waist .
tr	PAST	The magic tugged on me .
tr	PAST	I nearly snorted in my drink .
tr	PAST	Breeze eyed the grumpy general .
tr	PAST	Cara and Jenn fiddled with their hair and blotted their faces with their hands .
tr	PAST	 You know very well , it seems ,  he countered .
tr	PAST	Blood and disintegrating flesh splattered across John from his feet to his slashed stomach .
tr	PAST	 I 'll take Skyler to the hospital myself ,  Brice volunteered immediately .
tr	PAST	Her own needs far outweighed their problems .
va	PAST	Although the rooms , food and service were excellent , the size of the zeppelin limited the entertainment possibilities .
va	PAST	I pinched the ridge of my nose and squeezed my eyes shut .
tr	PAST	Thus armed , she padded silently down the hallway to the top of the stairs .
tr	PAST	Along with his energy , he yielded some of his emotions and thoughts , and I could literally feel his lust and affection for me .
tr	PAST	Beams of red light crisscrossed the room , separating her from the goal : the safe hidden inside the cabinet behind the desk .
tr	PAST	Final y , though , the cold , wind , and noise faded away , replaced by soft , soothing , quiet warmth .
tr	PAST	 I don 't think this ,  he motioned between us .
tr	PAST	Needless to say this and similar work by others resulted in changes that make chemical analysis of such substances much more accurate and useful today .
va	PAST	Riley 's eyes flicked to his .
tr	PAST	I wink , again .
va	PAST	He recited this tale without any shock in his voice -- and indeed , I could have told him several dozen variations upon it .
tr	PAST	I lay in my bed a few minutes later , resigned as the pain finally made its appearance .
tr	PAST	She emerged from the spray and turned .
tr	PAST	 So you survived your momentary brush with the lifestyles of the rich and infamous ? 
tr	PAST	Al the guys cheered .
te	PAST	I slowly inhaled the thick air and pulled myself together .
tr	PAST	He flicked the switch .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's and Mac 's eyes reflected Hart 's uneasiness .
tr	PAST	His lanyard bore several beads of white and green that somehow clashed with his muddy hazel eyes .
tr	PAST	Bark 's ears perked up and he saw her slowly being encompassed with snow .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , she withdrew Hew from the scabbard strapped to her back .
tr	PAST	He estimated it would take thirty men joining hands to encircle it .
te	PAST	and a muzzle flash briefly revealed the position of the soldier near the front door of the house .
tr	PAST	 Who dealt with the creator ? 
tr	PAST	" Jonathan always encouraged Sarah to speak her mind .
te	PAST	Grady has bailed as well , off down the street on his skateboard , so it 's just the two of us left .
te	PAST	She tapped over to him on her high heels , grabbed his sleeve and dragged him down a short hall to a small , windowless office .
te	PRES	She shakes her chest and her tits bounce against my chest .
te	PRES	It all shoves its way into my head and I don 't want it there .
te	PAST	Gregori 's silver eyes glittered dangerously in the darkened room , pale and menacing .
te	PRES	 Not for sure ... probably next week sometime ."
tr	PAST	Winston perused the battle damage .
tr	PAST	A chill raced through her and it felt as if ice water had replaced the blood in her veins .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Friedrich and I secured the lifeless man to the cable and tied the other end of the rope to his harness .
tr	PAST	She scrambled to her feet .
tr	PAST	She lingered in the between , refusing to let go and move on .
tr	PAST	She awoke to a splash of blinding yellow which filled the room .
tr	PAST	 Try it on , Mom ,  the boys urged .
tr	PAST	After breakfast , Michael invited Amber into his office upstairs .
tr	PAST	 Oh my God ,  I exclaimed as I put my hand over my mouth .
tr	PAST	Liam snickered at her ultimatum .
tr	PAST	 You 've heard of me ,  she surmised .
tr	PAST	Actually , quite a number of scientists have balked at the theory since it was first proposed , but that 's another story .
tr	PAST	Silence slapped the lodge and every face turned to Raven .
va	PAST	She cocked her head and raised an eyebrow .
te	PAST	A few minutes later he reappeared in the intensive care unit .
tr	PAST	The wakeboard floated on its side in front of me as I crouched behind it with my knees spread .
tr	PAST	Then she clicked -- he too was sorry .
tr	PAST	 It mustn 't ask us ,  shrieked Gollum .
tr	PAST	Stars and streetlights dappled bricked walkways .
tr	PAST	It provided a quick and effective escape for her .
tr	PAST	But something pinched at the back of his mind this second time of hearing it .
te	PAST	They vibrated between us .
tr	PAST	Kate battled the urge to giggle .
tr	PAST	Tipping her head to the side , Meredith looked at him , puzzled .
te	PAST	She proceeded to tell the tale , right to the end .
tr	PAST	She prayed Tasha had kept her mouth shut .
tr	PAST	The oh god risked a look down .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced her heart , fierce and deep .
tr	PAST	He sensed I was about to lose it .
te	PAST	I leaped up , snatching my knee away from his hand .
va	PAST	A minute later , his phone vibrated and he cut on the Bluetooth .
te	PAST	 You mean after everything evil you did to me ,  I joked , gently slapping his bony knee .
va	PAST	They opted to move it .
tr	PAST	 Energy is at eighty seven percent and holding  Power commented .
tr	PAST	I flapped on , forcing the transport to happen though my wings felt like they were moving through heavy mud .
tr	PAST	He presses his fingers to the sides of his nose .
tr	PAST	Amara 's cheeks flamed .
va	PAST	Armed with larger than life bouquets , we avoided the flashing bulbs , heading toward the sliding doors .
tr	PAST	I eased back into my seat , mindful that the camera was still on and thankful for Spinelli 's intervention .
tr	PAST	No one could have doubted them .
tr	PAST	 What finally tipped you off ? 
tr	PAST	Why , even my confident smile never so much as faltered on my face .
tr	PAST	"she exclaimed in clear frustration , "" Let me out ! """
tr	PAST	She giggled some more , a sound that drove heat into his bones .
va	PAST	 Are you happy with her , Errand ? 
tr	PAST	 Mutt ,  Damon acknowledged , giving a half smile , and Matt rol ed his eyes .
va	PAST	I absorbed that information and then changed the subject .
te	PAST	I retreat into my own thoughts , feeling almost guilty that my guess has come true .
tr	PAST	When Amory came over late last night , he informed me that as of right now , nobody knew what happened to me or the other guy .
tr	PAST	Lili leaped forward , slipping by the howling beast at an angle .
tr	PAST	And then two more emerged from the dark .
tr	PAST	Ren tugged her hand to get her attention back on him .
tr	PAST	More glass shattered around her .
tr	PAST	A ball formed , heading straight for the ditch on the other side of the road .
tr	PAST	Dahlia 's color deepened even more .
tr	PAST	Not much bothered me right now .
tr	PAST	Instead , slowly , he unwound her hair from his finger and took a step away .
tr	PAST	 Amateurs ,  he grunted .
va	PAST	Lucas outstretched his right arm and adjusted his hand into position .
tr	PAST	She yanked on his hair and screamed for mercy as he sent another finger in to join the first .
tr	PAST	" They just sped past !
tr	PRES	She hauled herself up out of her chair and gently hugged her mother .
tr	PAST	Caine rasped , setting Cassie aside as he straightened to face whatever new disaster was about to attack .
tr	PAST	As the punishments continued , Jeff zoned out for a time , lost in his thoughts about his own violent actions from the night before .
tr	PRES	 Why hello there , Ava Grace . """
tr	PAST	I willed myself to wake .
te	PAST	He dared to hope .
tr	PAST	Within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and whisked them away , leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake .
te	PAST	he inquired with maddening calm .
tr	PAST	 She said Randy 's girlfriend was dinner ,  Dori snorted .
te	PAST	Then Beren awoke , and sped through the night , and came back to the lair of the outlaws on the second morning .
tr	PAST	As darkness descended and Henry sank into the jungle 's final and eternal embrace , a smile formed on his lips .
tr	PAST	I hopped over and sat down on it .
tr	PAST	' You ... You destroyed it ? '
tr	PAST	The soldier crawled backward away from the wall , his heart skittering .
tr	PAST	She and Kathleen shattered into pieces , destroying them forever .
va	PAST	After a few minutes , the shifting powders produced a crude looking image of the United States .
tr	PAST	Ginger tugged my arm .
te	PAST	His shrunken form then disintegrated in to tiny specks of blue stardust that at once flew off towards the firmament .
tr	PAST	With her new awareness , Corinne sensed when Dayan further distanced her from what was happening .
tr	PAST	She choked out a laugh and backed up even further .
tr	PAST	And humankind , a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart , abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute .
tr	PAST	I grieved more than you can know when I learned of His death , for I served Him without question .
tr	PAST	 You 've done nothing wrong , Sarah ,  he stated firmly .
te	PAST	The hut disintegrated and many of the soldiers were killed or wounded .
te	PAST	"Have you selected your novel yet ? """
tr	PAST	Matthew exhaled as Finch turned and started off down the hall .
tr	PAST	 Claire , will you tell your mother I quit ? 
tr	PAST	I froze , thinking about it .
va	PAST	It stained my hands , pants , and all parts of my clothing .
tr	PAST	Below it , no car moved , no streetlight glowed .
te	PAST	Mrs. K referred to both Julia and Patricia in a less formal way at each woman 's demand .
tr	PAST	Maddy 's eyes rounded .
tr	PAST	When my name was called , I dusted off my hands , climbed the chute , and got into position .
tr	PAST	At least half the panel either smoked now or had been regular smokers in the past .
tr	PAST	"Reaction chamber personnel , stand by to decelerate , "" the captain announced from his place on the bridge ."
tr	PAST	 So you didn 't die , I suppose ,  Taylor joked .
tr	PAST	Galloway rocked back on his heels .
va	PAST	 It 's not like I forced you ,  he quickly countered .
tr	PAST	She emerged with a Miller Lite , studying me as she popped the lid .
te	PAST	At her front door they stop and she turns toward him , face upturned .
tr	PAST	Sure , I reacted to his leaving me .
tr	PAST	I eyed the window again and started to automatically move towards it .
tr	PAST	Hart clutched the empty glass until the facets pressed into his fingers .
tr	PAST	The rapid beat of their pulses triggered a strange response in her .
tr	PAST	The Scholar proved himself to be just as bad as the aristocrats running The Five Walls .
tr	PAST	 Ava ,  her mother proceeded into the room with concern etched across her face .
tr	PAST	A slight smile curved his lips .
tr	PAST	"I hope it 's a good one tonight , "" Shelly announced as she climbed from the rig ."
tr	PAST	He toured the tree-lined , quiet , shady streets of this handsome neighborhood of which he was now a member .
te	PAST	I enquired on the first occasion .
tr	PAST	He fanned the crinoline skirt so that it billowed from my waist , pooling behind me like a sea of ink .
tr	PAST	Once they were both naked , he urged her onto her back and threaded their fingers together as he kissed her .
tr	PAST	How immature , he pondered .
tr	PAST	I regarded Andrei 's two men .
va	PAST	She pursued the subject with interest .
tr	PAST	Tasha regarded him curiously .
tr	PAST	Sean 's hands tug up the dress , revealing my nak * d bottom .
tr	PAST	Maude lingered at the door , keeping it open as though she expected someone else to come through .
tr	PAST	I eyed the doorway that led to them .
va	PAST	After a moment of searching through the bag , he produced a box and handed it to me .
te	PAST	The proud woman inhaled sharply and turned to look out the window .
tr	PAST	 Poke fun if you must ,  Master George countered , though he had a smile on his face .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand .
tr	PAST	Kelly Taylor 's single word swirled through his car and conscience .
tr	PAST	More lead urged them on their way .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over .
te	PAST	He puzzled over it and recognized what it was .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his damp forehead against her cheek .
te	PAST	And froze in horror .
tr	PAST	The old man squinted and lowered his gaze .
va	PAST	"He beamed proudly and explained , "" I learned it in school . """
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to one side , thinking .
te	PAST	He saluted and went about his duties .
va	PAST	She unwound the towel from her damp curls and let it fall behind her .
tr	PAST	I shrank back into the corner and slid to the floor , pushing with my legs until my back was plastered into the V of the wal .
tr	PAST	Engines roaring , the Fokker swung eight miles to the south and climbed to twelve thousand feet , then circled the forest in a holding pattern .
tr	PAST	He attempted a chuckle .
tr	PAST	In an instant , Zack transformed himself into a wolf and growled in the dog 's face .
tr	PAST	All the air fled my lungs .
tr	PAST	All at once young Selena panicked .
te	PAST	She coiled tighter with each gliding touch .
tr	PAST	she stated more than asked him and moved closer , her sword dropping slightly , seeming less threatening .
tr	PAST	He lent his head in close to Stuart 's chest .
te	PAST	She clattered around the kitchen for a while before bringing out a tray with two bowls and two plates on it .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened a little .
tr	PAST	Immediately regretting its decision to attack , the recoiling squid dives back into the water with a painful whimper .
tr	PAST	A compelling urge to smash the line she had drawn prompted him into adding , ' Actually , I think I 'll tag along with you .
tr	PAST	A wave crashed against the rocks .
tr	PAST	Or rather , I should say , they entertained me .
tr	PAST	 Ah ...  Kira sobbed forcefully , trying to ease the aching knot in the pit of her stomach .
tr	PAST	 Blake and I hooked up . 
tr	PAST	Afterwards , Annabel swore off kids again , more adamantly than ever , and I thought : we 're definitely done this time .
tr	PAST	The instant the name slipped through her lips , Lindy tensed .
te	PAST	fake Mira commanded , pointing at Jace .
te	PAST	He leaped to the stone , looking around at the warriors .
va	PAST	The elderly woman pondered a long moment .
tr	PAST	William plunged both hands into his golden hair .
tr	PAST	When he disclosed his meeting with Frank , Ben almost exploded with anger .
te	PAST	Taro reappeared at the bottom of the stairs , accompanied by a slight , but well-proportioned woman whose posture and demeanor exuded gravitas .
tr	PAST	The sky still boiled but was no longer storming .
te	PAST	Real and intense fear engulfed me .
tr	PAST	With trembling fingers , she tugged at the buttons on his dress shirt .
te	PAST	After the brief instrumental introduction , Olivia sauntered back to the microphone , closing her eyes and beginning the sad song .
va	PAST	 So , Sir Knight , do you play chess ? 
va	PAST	She wiggled her rear against him in demonstration .
tr	PAST	Finally , he stripped the thong down my hips .
tr	PAST	He served six months and left in disgrace .
tr	PAST	They giggled like teenagers when they hustled back in the room .
tr	PAST	"That prompted him to say , "" Would you like a cup of coffee ? """
va	PAST	Just as he had on the door , he tapped a small area of the floor twice and inserted his dagger .
tr	PAST	He withdrew back into the shadows again , but his presence lingered .
tr	PAST	When they reached the enormous shaft , Chris awaited them with Jeanine and Cleon .
tr	PAST	And last , he dreamed of the most terrifying thing he 'd seen in a long chain of terrifying things .
te	PAST	Throughout all of the information , some fundamental controlling forces emerged .
tr	PAST	 What about Janet Milford ? 
tr	PAST	Tears pricked his eyes .
tr	PAST	A single bubbling hole adorned his grisly neck , pulsing , pulsing .
tr	PAST	she inquired with sweet reason .
tr	PAST	 Yes ,  John clutched the black powder bag as if he expected her to leap from the hammock and take it from him .
tr	PAST	I announced my presence and the shark actually welcomed me .
va	PAST	 We 'll be at Belvedere Castle ,  she stated , her eyes suspiciously bright .
te	PAST	Mandrake 's speech slowed , as he began gasping for air .
tr	PAST	 So Zane got himself a hottie ,  Leo joked , breaking the tension in the room .
tr	PAST	He rode slowly through the parking lot .
tr	PAST	I unzipped the bag and started pulling out my belongings in the hope that unpacking might make me feel a little at home .
tr	PAST	Growling something indiscernible , one of his hands secured her buttocks while the other moved his shaft against her flesh , bathing himself in her desire .
tr	PAST	He dodged as she swung a punch his way .
tr	PAST	Then I went near his mother to be a support for her , she actually fainted at the very moment she saw her knight laying still .
va	PAST	She squinted through the glare .
te	PAST	Iris ceased his effort with an icicle missile through the chest before turning her focus back to Lucas .
va	PAST	I stuffed out a butt , picked up my shotgun , and climbed out of the car .
tr	PAST	His teeth nipped at my lips .
tr	PAST	Paris huffed as he hopped up on the desk .
tr	PAST	Then it fanned its wings , revealing for a split second a large hole through the middle of the right one .
tr	PAST	I preferred to have her alone but this was okay .
tr	PAST	Alice 's lips curved in a teasing grin .
tr	PAST	Always forward , single-minded and resolute .
tr	PAST	He rinsed it clean and left it spread out to dry , then hurried back .
tr	PAST	 You ... tricked me . 
tr	PAST	 I want to see ,  Adeline squealed as expected , jumping up to stand expectantly before her eldest sister .
tr	PAST	"The underling shrank back completely , sneaked up to the boss and quietly whispered : "" We have some super-secret material ."
tr	PAST	Joe cleaned the place and made ready to leave .
tr	PAST	I would not have dared say or do anything that might upset a robot .
te	PAST	Caught off balance , she screeched until he stopped .
tr	PAST	He trusted her and she had every reason to trust him .
tr	PAST	She giggled again , and I took a deep breath .
tr	PAST	But I angrily slapped his hands away and took a step backward .
va	PAST	But after what had happened at that village outside Kabul ... He shied from that painful memory .
tr	PAST	They eyed us with hungry curiosity , and Kenzie eyed them back , able to See again now that we were back in Faery .
tr	PAST	He giggled and put his head down .
tr	PAST	 Don 't worry , ' Sana ,  he rumbled .
tr	PAST	Jordan skated past and waved .
tr	PAST	Water dripped from sodden moss on the ceiling .
tr	PAST	The truth described a large proportion of the male population , so she could speak honestly .
tr	PAST	 The bedroom is finally finished ,  she declared .
tr	PAST	Lady Hutchinson 's protestations ceased as the helpless pup burrowed itself in the woman 's arms , whimpering softly .
tr	PAST	I rotated to look at the mass of uniques following me around .
tr	PAST	As we were talking , the receptionist advised us that Mr. Tomlinson was ready to see us .
va	PAST	His craving to see her face intensified .
tr	PAST	My necklace bumped against my chest as I leaned down to offer Archer a hand .
tr	PAST	The thought of getting help reassured him .
tr	PAST	He charged down the narrow gap between the vast bookshelves of the Great Library .
tr	PAST	I tore my eyes off him and put the cart in drive .
tr	PAST	 I 'll go tomorrow , Daddy ,  Amelia piped up quickly .
te	PAST	She twirled her finger in the air .
tr	PAST	He fantasized about what normal men fantasized about .
tr	PAST	The magazine listed his net worth as equal to Bill Gates .
tr	PAST	The man upstairs retreated inside , and the scene of the Deputies calling for him to come out repeated itself .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	My lips split into a grin .
tr	PAST	When at last he pulled back , he apologized to Vela for being so rude .
tr	PAST	Next the Paramedics tended to Daddy .
tr	PAST	He and Allan transferred the supplies they deemed most necessary into Allan 's smaller pack which Stave then hoisted onto his own back .
tr	PAST	I sensed he was close to caving in .
tr	PAST	"Mallory blamed the cold spell on me , said I "" didn 't put myself out there . """
tr	PAST	She cups her hand around my ear .
tr	PAST	I created a new group of advisors , a new family for myself .
tr	PAST	It glowed underneath , the embers slowly eating it away , turning the wood to ash and smoke .
tr	PAST	The dragon crouched there , its neck stretched high , its wings unfurled wide , as if readying to take flight .
te	PAST	Blake saluted me and I rolled my eyes .
te	PAST	Nash cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Before she could think about it and change her mind , she whipped her sweatshirt over her head and let it fall to the floor .
tr	PAST	Nadezhda reciprocated the feelings of only one person .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PAST	 Girl , you 're over-reacting ohhh ... you 're just really angry and sad at the same time  , Jane concurred wisely .
tr	PAST	"' ' Abigail , wait for us ! """
tr	PAST	Kylie 's phone buzzed , but she ignored it , not wanting to miss out on any conversation that centered on her .
tr	PAST	Talbott produced a golden crown , bedazzled with all sorts of jewels , from who knew where and placed it respectfully on Kiran 's head .
tr	PAST	Tucker circled his arm in the air .
va	PAST	I preferred to think of him as the latter .
tr	PAST	Mike proceeded to tear skulls off heads like he was hitting baseballs off a tee .
tr	PAST	I elbowed Cora , who grinned .
tr	PAST	 Nicely handled , my liege . 
va	PAST	She averted her gaze and cleared her throat .
tr	PAST	Because each night I prayed to God , knowing that someone had to be out there .
tr	PAST	I coasted along on the current for a little while , letting the seawater heal my stinging skin and aching body .
va	PAST	Without warning he hurled himself at the older boy , pummelling him in the face and stomach .
tr	PAST	Starting the engine , Susannah barreled out of her parking spot and headed for the house , praying all the while that Chrissie was home .
va	PAST	He exhaled deeply , then turned and headed to his front door .
tr	PAST	Aria fiddled with the mohair scarf wound around her neck .
tr	PAST	" Everything she has she stole from others .
tr	PRES	Jared leaned in close and growled in his face , the words hoarse as they ripped from his throat .
tr	PAST	The black sand swirled around in a tornado .
tr	PAST	She skipped down a hallway .
tr	PAST	I seized the sword and leapt to the window .
tr	PAST	Girls shrieked and clutched their dates .
tr	PAST	I crawled out and stood up , but there was no one to kill or claim me .
tr	PRES	She begins to cough loudly and shake as though she has just come in from a frigid winter day .
tr	PRES	Bet he couldn 't sing ,  I snap back . """
tr	PAST	She motioned to one of the bar stools .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on my bed and opened my backpack to get out the chocolates when I found something shiny .
tr	PAST	 Charles is right ,  Beth announced , collecting the last puppy and joining them .
tr	PAST	He saluted him with his empty whiskey glass .
tr	PAST	They simply charged in , teeth bared and ready for blood .
tr	PAST	 President Reagan and Prime Minister Chirac of France issued a joint statement from the White House to clear up the confusion . 
tr	PAST	* * * Later , Ben sensed his father wanted a word alone with him .
tr	PAST	His heart galloped ahead at full speed , and something inside of him shifted and gave way for her .
tr	PAST	 Sure ,  Gregor mumbled , heading back to the kitchen to fix another .
tr	PAST	Nick rummaged through the various supplies in the bulky bag before finally pulling out two pistols .
tr	PAST	She feared he 'd use Max 's special needs as a reason to dump them long before they reached Utah .
tr	PAST	I still mourned him , for he had been a good companion .
tr	PAST	I handled the investigative and planning phase of the cases .
tr	PAST	She exhaled before turning around .
tr	PAST	Without moving her gaze on Daniel , Haley executed a perfect half crescent kick .
tr	PAST	My phone chimed , and an image of Sara filled my screen .
tr	PAST	I winced as Tristan snarls filled my ears .
tr	PAST	It reflected off the curve of his perfectly sculpted ass and I had to bite my lip in order to keep from drooling .
tr	PAST	You punched a girl for saying something mean about her .
va	PAST	" According to Amos , Scipio stated that he would instruct his officers to support him .
tr	PRES	Thus each fighter carries ten to twelve personnel .
tr	PAST	He vomited the first time he touched the body .
tr	PRES	I shout over the thunder .
tr	PRES	She passes us the pictures , carefully holding the old fashioned scalloped edges .
tr	PAST	She suckled the tongue that had pleasured her and his balls tightened .
tr	PRES	Her head was tilted up , her expression inviting .
tr	PRES	 I 'll just get some extra sheets , "" she mumbled as she all but sprinted for the supply closet ."
te	PAST	Her pulse boomed in her ears , blotting everything else out .
tr	PAST	The adult wolf sniffed me from head to toe , then barked at Rudi .
tr	PAST	She sensed danger in this place .
tr	PAST	 Then even at a fast march it will take us the best part of a day to reach the camp ,  Wallace calculated .
tr	PAST	It stung her eyes more , and made her skin feel tight and itchy .
tr	PAST	After your fleet withdrew I ... found your assassin .
te	PAST	Susannah pinched the bridge of her nose , dreading the approaching confrontation .
tr	PAST	The first emergency unit , a patrolling police car , rounded the corner a couple of blocks away .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as the burn of my pendant intensified , certain that it was searing my skin .
tr	PAST	"They all piled in on top of one another , like a bunch of clowns all trying to get into the same cars . """
tr	PAST	They regarded everything with a cold distance , completely devoid of emotion .
tr	PAST	Water lapped against it , and the boat rocked , enveloped in the mist .
tr	PAST	Nine grunted in pleasure .
tr	PAST	Silently he prayed : Please , Holy Ghost , console this lamb .
tr	PAST	 I can 't believe that  She flowed away without haste .
tr	PAST	She marched across the room and perched on the edge of his bed .
tr	PAST	 How strange ...  Wulf couldn 't stand the flannel barrier anymore .
tr	PAST	He roared in anger and lunged at her .
te	PAST	After she 'd said amen and started to drift off , a revelation floated through her mind .
tr	PAST	"It is up to you to decide , "" she rasped ."
tr	PAST	I froze fearing another two page tirade .
tr	PAST	Many centuries ago , Chauncey entertained a naive farm girl .
tr	PAST	 Lying bastard . 
tr	PAST	She stiffened and shook her head .
tr	PAST	He showered , shaved , and asked to make a call .
tr	PAST	Realizing it wasn 't there , she dove back for the bed , crawled over it , and grabbed the phone vibrating across the nightstand .
tr	PAST	Not pausing to worry about what that meant , Vin hopped over the altar , carrying the book with her as protection against further missiles .
tr	PAST	She wriggled until her legs straddled him again .
tr	PAST	"Nick propped an ankle on top of his knee , leaned back , and asked nonchalantly , "" Are you actually apologizing ? """
tr	PAST	I cowered in fear .
te	PAST	The stage manager counted down , slapping her hand against her thigh in time to the beat .
tr	PAST	Please tell me you didn 't get busted for Public urination , again ?
tr	PAST	One long leg extended off the edge of the couch , past the armrest .
tr	PAST	As he walked past the man waiting for the bus , Ron tugged on his ear and sniffed .
va	PAST	My body glided through the leaves and dirt , making a strange rustling noise .
tr	PAST	The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity .
tr	PAST	My imagination conjured something with long claws bursting from under the hedges and snatching up a toddler .
te	PAST	The other girl had them too , rings of metal piled up around her black sneakers .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and immediately started reading the flowing script .
tr	PAST	Chapter Ten Eva I can 't figure Luca out .
va	PAST	Joe arched an eyebrow , watching me as I closed the door in his face .
va	PAST	No , I created a ' portal ' as you called it .
tr	PAST	Gentle breezes caressed the hill top with a seduction of temple incense .
tr	PAST	"Picking the phone up , she flicked it open to see "" Daddy calling "" on the screen ."
tr	PAST	He fidgeted and looked down at his watch .
tr	PAST	Jacob suddenly inhaled , a terrible gagging sound , labored and harsh .
tr	PAST	The fresh aroma of amber musk strayed into my nostrils .
tr	PAST	She pretended to look around her .
te	PAST	Spencer eyed Naomi , who was now gliding toward the exit with her head held high , as if her job here was done .
te	PAST	He stalked over to the bar and poured himself a drink , downing it in one gulp .
tr	PAST	He utterly bemused her and she couldn 't speak .
tr	PAST	As always , Mitch supported her decision even if he disagreed with it .
tr	PAST	 I dared presume you 'll walk down the aisle on the strength of a proposal I effectively rescinded . 
tr	PAST	* Outlaw Wars , Western Settler Saga V That day Adam learned truly what it meant to have friends .
tr	PAST	Her eyes opened , she beheld a large jackknife in her face .
tr	PAST	Drawing a deep breath , she inched around the car she 'd been using for cover , trying to get a good look at the house .
tr	PAST	We pondered that question for most of the day as we sat gathering intel for a potential future raid .
tr	PAST	You stole the key to my locker and took the envelope .
tr	PAST	He tugged the duvet from his face and pulled himself up , supporting himself on the pillows .
tr	PAST	Julian approved and the man poured him each a glass .
tr	PAST	She shuddered and fell to one arm .
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger at Dorothea .
tr	PAST	Bethany shrank back as her eyes met Daemon 's .
va	PAST	The thin man winced .
tr	PAST	Melissa hollered and grabbed a glass and a spoon and started the ball rolling .
tr	PAST	I lied , trying to hide my nervousness .
tr	PAST	Taking another step back , he fired another round into what was left of the creature 's head .
tr	PAST	 That 's debatable ,  he disagreed .
tr	PAST	I stripped and upturned one bucket over my head .
va	PAST	His palms glided toward the juncture , spreading her wider as he went until her soft woman 's flesh lay open and glistening before him .
tr	PAST	I doubted he knew it would actually be triplets .
tr	PAST	A lady bug crawled up his rail , and climbed his sleeve .
tr	PAST	"Said that the senior was actually a pretty honorable man . """
tr	PAST	His father and the scandal that had chased him even farther into seclusion .
va	PAST	 Chief ,  he acknowledged , with a brief nod , before going back to his scrutiny of my facial scratches .
va	PAST	I bounced off some people , barely keeping my balance , but Tallis kept me afloat amongst the craziness .
tr	PAST	One after the other they practically exploded , their doors blown right off the hinges .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of the bed , shaking off petals as she went , yawning as she glanced at the window .
tr	PAST	I giggle softly at her confidence .
tr	PAST	Tom started after the two boys , his heart slowed but still beat faster than normal .
tr	PAST	The goblin grunted and shot into the shadowy room .
tr	PAST	He frames my face with his hands and touches his forehead to mine .
tr	PAST	Ray advised as he dismounted .
tr	PAST	Just as I sucked in a breath , another wave plunged me under .
tr	PAST	I yawned and stretched .
tr	PAST	" I created workable plans for several of those missions .
tr	PRES	I drag my fingers through my damp , sweaty hair and then crouch down in front of her slowly , so I won 't scare her again .
tr	PRES	He half chuckles to himself .
tr	PAST	She soaked up his sperm like a horny mistress .
tr	PRES	I assume they knew of the dangers of time meddling and refused to give their benefactors the keys to the past .
tr	PAST	He motioned for them to take a seat , pulled a bottle out of his drawer , and took out three glasses .
tr	PAST	Celestino urged the priest to continue ,  You came here on pilgrimage ?"
tr	PAST	The onboard unit beeped to indicate incoming files .
tr	PAST	And taught to Mercer by older Sheriffs no doubt , maybe going all the way back to those first Councils attended by Vernon Monroe .
tr	PAST	He even slapped on some cologne .
tr	PAST	Giants with only a single eye centered on their foreheads wielded clubs , growling and fighting amongst themselves .
tr	PAST	Ted exhaled , feeling like he would burst with joy as Baby Julian reached for one of his toys .
tr	PAST	Ron fidgeted in his seat .
tr	PAST	Just around that corner - Bluebeard eyed up the forest surrounding him and could see no corner .
tr	PAST	She quickly dialed the number .
tr	PAST	She reflected , as if up to now she hadn 't known .
tr	PAST	I lent it to someone .
va	PAST	I suspected they already knew everything I had just told them .
tr	PAST	We both tumble toward the earth , hitting it with force that knocks the remaining remnants of wind from me .
tr	PAST	With an effort , Gaius regained command of his temper and regarded the tiny female with a mocking smile .
tr	PAST	Winston slowed his pace and allowed Iridium to move on ahead .
tr	PAST	Arron 's brows arched and his grip on Aiden tightened .
tr	PAST	Her fingers clutched hard to her belly , trying to stanch the flow of blood , the tumult of gore through rent flesh .
tr	PAST	 That woman is nuts ,  accused old man Bonner , waving a shaky finger in my direction .
tr	PAST	 We 'll go over them anyway ,  Roxy stated .
tr	PAST	Instead , I snaked a hand down to my belt , going for my shield disk .
te	PAST	At least , the ones he offered contained more than a touch of fiction , and nothing was actually known about him beyond his caste and rank .
tr	PAST	Little touches like this marked her out as unique , different , special - in other words , an outcast .
tr	PAST	 We aren 't married -- Not a damn thing has been settled between us ,  he announced , as though this should be shocking news .
tr	PAST	His words washed over me like ice water and I stepped back away from him as if he 'd just slapped me .
va	PAST	His tongue replaced his lips , sliding just inside and sending a shiver up my spine .
tr	PAST	" Garfield lingered eleven weeks before he died .
tr	PRES	Are they only going to hold sparring matches in the big center one ? "
tr	PAST	"Ron nudged her aside and shouted into the crevice , "" What are you doing , Rich ? """
tr	PAST	She wept against my body as I tried to lift my hand to tuck her hair behind her ear .
tr	PAST	He eyed the second envelope curiously before pulling out the sheet of paper .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , Rose identified the intruder as herself .
va	PAST	He attempted to close the door but was blocked by Aiden 's foot again .
tr	PAST	"Officer Wheeler will stay here with you , "" John motioned to Walter ."
tr	PAST	She and her team not only created artificially engineered bodies but they also developed brains that could have information inserted , including memories .
tr	PAST	My body exploded with pain as his hand collided with my skin .
tr	PAST	But the monster was undeniably dead , its wretched form reduced to a charred and crumbling ruin .
te	PAST	He crouched , pulled Pyotr to his side in the crook of his stumped arm , and clicked off his flashlight .
va	PAST	 The name is Colin ,  he clipped .
tr	PAST	* * * He washed off the pearls carefully , running soap and water over the necklace , then drying it off with a cotton towel .
tr	PAST	Stunned silence descended on the room .
tr	PAST	"Denny cocked his head to the side , "" The art gallery ?"
tr	PAST	Linda eyed Josie 's sweat pants , and the muscle shirt from Gold 's Gym that Josie had pulled over her sports bra .
tr	PAST	 Less than nothing ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	Jenny slapped him on the shoulder just before she and John got into the launch with some of the other passengers and started for the island .
tr	PAST	 You 're going to be fine ,  he stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PAST	Dirt rained down on me as the earth shook and rolled .
tr	PAST	She stroked his erection through his jeans , nearly making him come apart .
tr	PAST	I quickly scribbled it down , grabbing my things and joining the exodus to the front of the room .
tr	PAST	She indicated a countdown display that counted from three down to one .
tr	PAST	She regarded me thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	"Got a problem with that ? """
tr	PAST	Recognizing the horse , she dared to make her presence known .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes again .
va	PAST	"He pitched forward towards those glittering eyes , again sounding the name "" Stuart ! """
tr	PAST	Weather dictated it was time to put it away and replace it with his Donegal .
va	PAST	He caressed her and the world fell away .
te	PAST	He sped uphill , casting a rooster tail of water behind his rear tires .
tr	PAST	Finally , finally , the last spasm wrung through her , leaving her limp .
tr	PAST	" Benito Mussolini stated it best , ' Democracy is beautiful in theory ; in practice , it is a fallacy . '
tr	PRES	 Hang on , Sonia ."
te	PAST	His eyes glazed for a split second showing emotion , but left me wondering if it was just the trick of his regular demeanor .
tr	PAST	In fact , her very posture implied ... Goodness , no .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and began to eat .
te	PAST	Fortunately , the home that we had occupied contained a directory of businesses -- something called The Yellow Pages .
tr	PAST	Heading straight toward the bed , she slowed when she saw it was empty , the covers tossed back and wildly askew .
tr	PAST	Before Shane had read the first word , the phone buzzed in his hand , startling him again .
tr	PAST	She darted past cauldrons and pots , past the dog 's basket and the tarnished urns .
tr	PAST	And then she jolted back and she was in the middle of the bedroom floor again .
tr	PAST	Hunters didn 't bring guys like him to justice , they executed them .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
te	PAST	He chased them as his mother chased him .
tr	PAST	The arrow exploded and the snow ball was disintegrated showering both Frost and Bark with slush .
tr	PAST	Ian and Duncan circled around the opposite side of Fin and Todd .
tr	PAST	Two voices floated over us , their direction hard to discern as they reverberated off metal sheds and containers outside .
tr	PAST	He quickly retreated back towards Simone .
tr	PAST	 Jackson ,  I sobbed .
va	PAST	Sometimes she accidentally skipped a couple of lines or her fingers got misaligned on the keyboard .
tr	PAST	I stated the obvious so he couldn 't manipulate the situation .
va	PAST	Pleasure engulfed him as she drank .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at my touch , and I was so damn angry .
tr	PAST	The spell unraveled , and he wrapped me in a giant hug that lifted me off my feet .
tr	PAST	He batted it out of the air .
tr	PAST	 What the fuck , man ? 
tr	PAST	The giant orange bags floated in disconcerting silence , anchored by long black tendrils twining in the rocks of the hills .
tr	PAST	He eyed the paring knife with sad , yearning eyes .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved in a sly smile .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed quietly and there was a shift .
tr	PAST	They froze on the spot .
tr	PAST	I hired someone to look into your past .
te	PAST	Haddington signalled the footman .
va	PAST	"Her curiosity finally overrode her caution and she asked , "" Matt Veal ?"
tr	PAST	Sol awoke at 630 upon a sharp knock at the door ; he scratched his head and rubbed his face .
tr	PAST	Rubbing her wet hair , Meg stuffed the towel on the rack , put on her robe and slippers , and hurried over to Simon 's apartment .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her seat belt .
va	PAST	Vladimir 's hand hovered over Phoebe 's face and Sasha watched in horror as that same hand covered her nose and mouth .
tr	PAST	Her pleasured cry vibrated against his neck .
tr	PAST	His pale green eyes mesmerized her .
tr	PAST	He denied it and even tried to forget about it forever .
tr	PAST	Dark bristles shadowed his jaw .
te	PAST	The Jeep jolted on impact , slamming her side back against the seat .
tr	PAST	He exploded to his feet , rage and agony boiling his blood .
tr	PAST	Each door they passed through required a passcode of some sort .
va	PAST	His body stiffened , and his grip on me was suddenly less gentle , more charged .
va	PAST	The entire desert panorama revealed no hint of precipitous obstacles , yet they 'd just fallen from the highest peaks ever discovered by man .
tr	PAST	The farmer 's frantic cries roused his wife .
tr	PAST	Liam clasped his hands and exhaled .
tr	PAST	Her arm hooked over the branch , saving her from plummeting out of the tree .
te	PAST	Jane also reported having sent her trainee out to Arrow Lake to show the photo of mother and son around .
va	PAST	Tammie stares at him , horrified .
va	PAST	Got it from an unreliable source .
tr	PAST	 Home ,  someone suddenly announced in a baritone voice when they finally got to the foot of the mountain .
tr	PAST	Deb exclaimed when I plunked down into the seat she and Bri had saved for me , the last person onto the bus .
va	PAST	Darkness blanketed everything and , out of that darkness , an ominous figure emerged .
tr	PAST	A growing noise from outside the window distracted her from her thoughts .
tr	PAST	The sound cut through the low hubbub of the crowd and a rippling revealed Chris 's location as he made his way through the press of bodies .
tr	PAST	Maddy 's eyes rounded .
tr	PAST	His words jolted Painter .
tr	PAST	I caved and searched for the saying on my smartphone .
te	PAST	Harriet stifled a yawn .
tr	PAST	Mike slapped the big burly man on the shoulder , but Bill apparently wasn 't satisfied because he pulled Mike into a brotherly hug .
tr	PAST	She treated me in the kitchen , for better access to boiling water .
te	PAST	Once he had satisfied his lust with the novelty of it , by eighteen such attentions only served to annoy him .
tr	PAST	Haworth 's breath tickled Hugh 's ear and a delicious shiver ran down his spine .
tr	PAST	Isaac twirled one of the two steering wheels .
tr	PAST	The pile grunted , and Bobo shifted his weight to hang on .
te	PAST	When he begins reading his wedding sermon , Lake touches her hand to my cheek and pulls my gaze toward hers , away from the officiant .
tr	PAST	She tugged on his arm , turning him toward her .
tr	PAST	"I conceived of these witnesses as set apart , incorruptible , unaccountable , but on the side of the good , the merciful , the protective . """
va	PAST	Remembering their meeting in the park , he backtracked , using the dim light from the street lamps to guide him .
tr	PAST	He exhaled cautiously , not wanting to do anything that might arouse the sentry 's attention again .
tr	PAST	Her voice faltered , causing Staffan 's gaze to return to her face .
tr	PAST	 Don 't lose your confidence now ,  he taunted softly .
te	PAST	 We 're not the only ones fighting for survival ,  Jake stated .
va	PAST	It dawned on Kylie that in the vision , the person in the casket could have been Ellie .
tr	PAST	Dozens of them circled him , preventing his escape with spears and daggers at hand .
tr	PAST	She dared not raise her hand to the paper that he held out , lest it should tremble .
tr	PAST	He had his arm around Andrea , his free hand resting over hers on Misty .
va	PAST	He bent to suck one of my nipples into his mouth , his fangs grazing along my tender skin as his tongue swirled and pulled .
va	PAST	 I 'll have my mechanic look at it as well ,  Blythe announced sternly from the sidewalk .
va	PAST	But Ryan eyed her askance , darted as far away from her as he could , and cowered in a corner behind a desk chair .
tr	PAST	He doubted such cursed water could much avail himself , but it gave him an interesting idea .
tr	PAST	She slumped forward and fell to the side , limp like a ragdoll .
te	PAST	A sleek canoe glided over its crest .
te	PAST	He always acted that way too .
te	PAST	A trickle of fear crawled down my spine .
tr	PAST	One snaked around the perimeter of the stage , and the others huddled in dark corners , which lent to the aura of sensuality and privacy .
tr	PAST	Liz 's heart sped up ... could this be related to her question for Brady ?
tr	PAST	They squealed and ran past him into the bar .
tr	PAST	He flung his clothes in every direction and moved to gather her even closer .
tr	PAST	I smacked into a tree and hit the ground on my hands and knees .
tr	PAST	[ There was a hoot of applause from the crowd . ]
va	PAST	The tall , lanky man motioned to Donovan who was sitting next to him at the cold metal table in a private room at the local jail .
va	PAST	Bev propped her shoulder against the doorframe , her pouted lips and folded arms very much the usual form of greeting me .
tr	PAST	Dr. Feinstein scribbled something quickly on his pad and then put the pad down and leaned forward .
va	PAST	He crumbled down into the earth , burying himself in the stone , and within moments there was little trace of the creature at all .
te	PAST	As he reached for her , she smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	My leg exploded in pain and I stumbled to the ground as the bullet seared through my calf .
tr	PAST	"I tipped my head back against the wall , and blew a stray hair out of my face . """
tr	PAST	Then blackness swirled in , carrying me away .
tr	PAST	She still sensed the spying eyes on her as she stepped out into the frozen night .
tr	PAST	"The medics already cleaned and took care of these . """
tr	PAST	A streetlight briefly illuminated his tense face .
tr	PAST	 Please , Patch , wake up ,  I begged , kissing his mouth and wishing it would miraculously wake him .
va	PAST	Then she collapsed , panting and sweating .
va	PAST	 One of us really is a murderer , you know ,  Jane chimed in eerily .
tr	PAST	 You bribed our way into a wedding ? 
tr	PAST	Emerson dug in his pocket and found a handcuff key .
tr	PAST	Rhiannon nudged Ashley with her elbow .
tr	PAST	Soldiers pouring into the cell block from below , their boots rattling the gangway as they run up the metal stairs towards us .
tr	PAST	Agatha , Alex , and Mazie froze .
te	PAST	 I 'm nothing like F. U.  Winston protested .
va	PAST	Her eyes darkened to an inky black .
va	PAST	Scared stiff , too , of course , but I tried not to think about that part .
tr	PAST	 Don 't serve him , Kev  Jo bellowed , coming up behind him .
tr	PAST	Claire grunted in agreement but it was small consolation .
tr	PAST	 Ula ,  I hissed in the moonlit room .
va	PAST	Elizabeth cringed when they walked in the door .
tr	PAST	She stares at Robin curiously .
te	PAST	Breathing hard and waiting for the pain in his knuckles to subside enough for him to gage the situation , Abraham trembled with raw adrenaline .
tr	PAST	She supported Dangerous Beans because there was ... well , something about him .
tr	PAST	Men of both sides fled before him , but many he overtook and crushed to the ground .
tr	PAST	Drops of thick , sweet liquid spilled against my lips .
tr	PAST	She also posted ' guides ' around the cave the humans were staying in .
tr	PAST	My heartbeat slowed gradually , and my terror ebbed as realization settled inside my mind .
va	PAST	Noelle stifled a small shiver of female longing .
va	PAST	The four children cheered .
tr	PAST	Rina pretended to give the idea some thought , but Emma caught the smile on her lips and knew the young woman had already decided .
tr	PAST	I mirrored his smile , grateful I hadn 't received an impatient scowl .
va	PAST	Daniel sloshed through the shallow water and stepped into the muddy gap in the embankment .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hand slightly to get me to turn and walk up a set of stairs .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked around , closing tightly over my mouth as I opened it to scream .
tr	PAST	The small group ahead of us mounted their torches into frames already nailed to the walls .
va	PAST	Lavina mind whirled as she tried to absorb the information .
tr	PAST	His head cocked to one side .
tr	PAST	" So now you wallow at my feet , seeking aid at my kindness .
va	PRES	Babies spit up and poopy , a lot , along with sleep .
va	PAST	Nobody questioned the grieving D.I. 's decision .
va	PRES	I inquire with interest .
va	PRES	 Because you 'll need to say good-bye ."
tr	PAST	I slapped him on the back .
tr	PAST	They no longer provided solace for his mind .
tr	PAST	In serious stalking mode , we split up and approached from different angles .
tr	PAST	Thomas obeyed , wondering what it was that Oakes found so satisfying .
tr	PAST	He extracted a visiting card and handed it to Bond .
tr	PAST	Someone 's cell phone buzzed with a text .
tr	PAST	Donovan instructed Nathan to put Travis in the cockpit with him as a distraction .
va	PAST	He circled the swell of my breasts with both hands , both holding more ice .
va	PAST	"Why , in six months you 'll be playing football , you 'll see , "" she retorted gaily ."
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together as if bracing herself .
tr	PAST	It soaked them as thoroughly as any storm , though .
tr	PAST	 The leaders , yes ,  Lilly confirmed .
tr	PAST	Alicia tugged on his jeans , her eyes wide with pleading mirth .
va	PAST	His eyes brightened and he triumphantly announced the name Max Vogt .
tr	PAST	Outside , the wind screeched and hooted around the eaves .
tr	PAST	she cocked her head , a sad whimsical smile on her face .
tr	PAST	They topped a hill and the lights of town came into view .
tr	PAST	I cringed when the bell rang .
tr	PAST	 Please , let me ex -  I began , stepping forward , my hands outstretched .
tr	PAST	She advised me on a lot of the workings of Forrester as much as I explained my work style and what I expected of her .
tr	PAST	His expression revealed surprise .
tr	PAST	Eric marveled at how well the evening turned out after the shaky middle to their day .
tr	PAST	Her voice was low , her mind still spinning , trying to make some kind of sense out of what just happened .
tr	PAST	He preferred to be seen as an orphan than to go into details about his parents .
tr	PAST	Her heart skidded down a slippery slope and fell with a big , messy splat .
tr	PAST	Then the hands withdrew and he healed again .
tr	PAST	As for Nikos , his grin nearly split his face .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hand over my heart .
tr	PAST	As the evening approached , she hopped in the shower .
tr	PAST	"Theodosia sniffed , peered at the books on the table , and said , "" Miriam is to come down for tea again this afternoon ."
tr	PAST	Instead we kiss like that , frenzied and fast , bodies smashed together , but never quite going too far .
tr	PAST	A black four-door car with darkly tinted windows screeched to a halt in the parking lot in front of the building .
tr	PAST	The sparkle reflected in her eyes .
tr	PAST	She froze , bombarded by conflicting thoughts .
va	PAST	He babbled a stream of nonsense and begging .
tr	PAST	The wire to Panama bounced back - some $ 3.5 million .
tr	PAST	" Van Gogh painted quite a few Sunflower still lifes during the sixteen months he spent in Arles .
tr	PRES	The young man stops tinkering with his metal limb ,  you have performed this procedure ? """
tr	PAST	 Oh ,  she mumbled , dropping his gaze .
tr	PAST	"You practically fled the apartment the other night . """
te	PAST	He graduated at the top of his class in three years and moved the family to Baltimore to do his surgical residency at Johns Hopkins .
tr	PAST	She destroyed all my stuff and then texted me that we needed to talk .
tr	PAST	A great fatigue washed over me , and I fell back to sleep .
va	PAST	Lara flicked the scarlet silk cloth into the air , and it began to fall .
tr	PAST	Sara produced a wide smile .
va	PAST	The two men floated across the MAV cabin to the opening .
tr	PAST	"Her apology disarmed him , and all he could think of to say was , "" That 's okay . """
tr	PAST	I awoke to feel that the ship had slowed down considerably .
tr	PAST	He snickered , briefly glancing over at Rema .
va	PAST	Sarah sped up and flew around a corner and into the intersection .
tr	PAST	 We 'll all help ,  Goodness and Mercy chimed in .
tr	PAST	He leaned forward , his elbows on knees , hands clasped .
tr	PAST	The strands sparkled in the light .
te	PAST	It announced my status to the world .
tr	PAST	Then I fling it into the woods .
tr	PAST	 Go and see your shrink , you deluded little hermit . 
tr	PAST	he grunted , scrutinising the clues through bloodshot eyes .
va	PAST	 Go ahead ,  Jimmy dared .
tr	PAST	"My face froze and I lowered my voice , "" Am I really so transparent ? """
tr	PAST	"He predicted the great eclipse that occurred yesterday . """
tr	PAST	 Don 't forget about those shirts ,  Katherine joked while she mimed pulling on a shirt .
tr	PAST	She identified with those murdered people , certain she shared the same blood disorder .
tr	PAST	I retreated to the back of my cell and called out the power word to detonate the paste .
tr	PAST	They tiptoed past and , at last , reached the stern of the boat .
tr	PAST	Every office at every outpost of Kimball Technologies claimed someone who had the authority to okay the transfer or spending of funds .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned the Botkin 's jacket and pulled the strange fabric back .
tr	PAST	The younger woman giggled .
va	PAST	She was so used to staying in hotels like this one she tended to forget that not everyone in the world was blase about a penthouse .
tr	PAST	She awoke before he did and got up and made coffee .
tr	PAST	"Alexandra shrieked , "" Chill out for a moment while I go check the cockpit ! """
tr	PAST	Clearly he preferred the old-fashioned over the high tech garbage they shoved down consumers ' throats .
tr	PAST	 Yes , Ry , she 's still human ,  Callum remarked with strained patience .
tr	PAST	I rounded the curve , the one near that copse of trees , then two men stepped out onto the road .
tr	PAST	Wetting the towel again , she washed the blood from his back .
tr	PAST	I vow to you that I will never use what I 've learned to harm your family .
va	PAST	The attention I received from him .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around her , kissing the white bandage on her forehead .
tr	PAST	It bothered him a lot .
tr	PAST	"George was lucky , he escaped with a flesh wound . """
tr	PAST	Groat patted the surprised Moist on the arm . '
tr	PAST	Zac quieted down but Einstein , Selena 's rooster , stood next to her and started crowing .
te	PAST	She sped up eating in the hope of getting away from him quickly .
tr	PAST	Oh , enough with the pleasantries , I dive in right after him .
va	PAST	At first , he sensed by his son 's silent and motionless reaction to his arrival that something was not right with him .
te	PAST	It smashed into Scylla instead , crushing his side under a ton of twisted , rusting steel .
tr	PAST	"Opening it , he barked , "" Hello . """
tr	PAST	Blood trickled from her mouth .
tr	PAST	I chanced a glance at her and found the same attentive gaze .
tr	PAST	I deemed there were always possibilities in many things .
tr	PAST	Shock and dread washed through him , all but swimming laps in his bloodstream .
tr	PAST	He pinched my backside from beneath the sheets .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 24 IT amused Rio to see Grace so befuddled over his claim .
tr	PAST	Sid gestured for Dollop to sit opposite .
tr	PAST	I thrust a small square of yellow and black fabric at the gargoyle .
va	PAST	The Healer shuffled me out and I entered the reception area alone .
tr	PAST	 I created it just for you . 
te	PAST	 Then lead the way -- if you can ,  dared Viktor , trying to hide his surprise .
tr	PAST	I froze on the doorstep .
tr	PAST	"You seem a bit ... distracted , "" I chided playfully ."
tr	PAST	He clipped one of the Nazis in the side but pumped lead full into the chest of the second man before his weapon stopped firing .
te	PAST	Tavi choked out a moment later .
tr	PAST	Before she left , Patrick groped her boob , and she elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PAST	Blake fanned his fingers along the edge of her dress to the small of her back and pressed her close .
tr	PAST	I emerged in the dry heat of mid-afternoon .
tr	PAST	He turned to Anna , his expression troubled .
te	PAST	2 Ryan awoke flat on his back in his bed .
tr	PAST	I rounded on her , pissed off now .
tr	PAST	Her statement quieted the growing mob .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and he smelled the sea , fresh , and clean .
tr	PAST	Alex drank his tea slowly , looking at the people in the room .
te	PAST	He thanked Mrs. Akers for the food , said goodbye and started on his way across the island to his favorite spot .
tr	PAST	"A class 7-9 girl named Julie . """
tr	PAST	But she whirled to face him , and he immediately jerked his gaze up to her face .
tr	PAST	The king motioned with his hand .
tr	PAST	 Only a witch will not watch another witch burn ,  De Roy Senior proclaimed , and forced us all to the square .
tr	PAST	Riddick sniffed the air .
te	PAST	I slapped him on the arm .
tr	PAST	I introduced myself , told her how that lone light snagged my curiosity for no other reason than it was a light on a dark hillside .
tr	PAST	" Kenny and Cassandra , sittin ' in a tree --  "" Knock it off ! """
tr	PAST	He only desired the promised payoff at the end .
tr	PAST	 Me , I 'm fine , just , fine ,  Matthew lied .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply and imagined it somehow made me stronger .
tr	PAST	He reentered the archive room to find everything exactly as he left it .
tr	PAST	 I 'm going to see him ,  announced John , and started toward the steps .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to the dead giants sprawled in the elevator .
tr	PAST	The bathroom shower running replaced the sounds of the waves crashing on the beach and she sat up in bed .
tr	PAST	Chapter 15 Matthew tore out the letter and stuffed it in his pocket .
tr	PAST	The two of them , a man and a woman , exchanged an uneasy look behind Dobson 's back .
te	PAST	Her eyes darkened , and she allowed her robe to slip from her shoulders .
te	PAST	He cupped the back of her neck and massaged lightly , letting the mass of her silky hair engulf his hand as well as his senses .
tr	PAST	First my stalker , and now I feel violated because you made all these decisions without me .
tr	PAST	They all volunteered to go first .
va	PAST	Blood exploded as Dad stumbled back , and then fell forward , hitting the ground so hard he bounced .
tr	PAST	Verity clutched his leg so tightly that Jonas thought she would leave marks .
tr	PAST	Kira inhaled near the door , but she couldn 't distinguish anything overly helpful .
tr	PAST	She quickly stabilized the display she 'd nearly demolished .
te	PAST	" Will you quit worrying about things that aren 't important ?
tr	PAST	She attempted to move but her limbs felt weighted down .
tr	PRES	He hears Russell call out to him again , and orders the guards to intervene .
tr	PAST	He doubted he could even accumulate fat if he 'd wanted to , let alone muscle .
tr	PAST	 Daddy and Uncle Mark built it , "" Reese announced ."
tr	PAST	Over drinks and during dinner they discussed in more detail the possibilities of a potential mutual relationship .
tr	PAST	But somehow Cohen sensed she was still inside me , even insisting on calling me Eliza , which was odd .
tr	PAST	He feared for his own life when he saw the murder in Ian 's eyes , when he told him about Elle .
tr	PAST	' He 's injured , ' Zeus announced , void of emotion .
tr	PAST	' Have you reported it ? '
tr	PAST	Scar leaped upward , landing on the edge of the roof , and dodged the next strike of the whip , destroying the roof to pieces .
tr	PAST	Nellie reported about Buck buying an option from Land Investment Ltd for one hundred thousand dollars and then sold an option to U.S. Resorts for seventy-five thousand .
tr	PAST	 Right ,  Leo confirmed .
te	PAST	A wave of relief flooded over me as we smiled and laughed .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the can . '
tr	PAST	What I desired and where my dreams laid .
te	PAST	 Yes , the man who gave it to me has nothing to do with it ,  she joked .
va	PAST	She chatted to Angelo , Tony 's youngest brother , who was the groomsman partnering her .
te	PAST	"He survived and he is in there with my sister , Ashley . """
tr	PAST	Eyes narrowed , the witch regarded him for several long moments ; then , muttering to the cat , she pivoted on her heel and walked away .
tr	PAST	Then he slowed and this time pressed forward further than ever before .
tr	PAST	Abbey and Serena introduced themselves and welcomed him into the room .
va	PAST	"Stan greeted the boy with , "" so sorry about your mom , Bottles ."
tr	PAST	I prowled toward the stairs , hitting my destination without interruption .
tr	PAST	 There isn 't even a Greek billionaire in any of her books ,  Aunt Vilma countered with a sniff .
tr	PAST	I thanked the heavens that I saw no such thing .
tr	PAST	Four Wolves Esme fiddled with her eye patch , wondering if the world would look different through her blue eye than it did through her brown one .
tr	PAST	Evie yawned again and got up herself .
tr	PAST	Her wiry sandy tail slapped Canute 's face .
tr	PAST	A soft sound rustled through the air , like silk on silk .
tr	PAST	Simon proceeded to start his Vespa , whilst scrutinizing outside of the gate .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the dessert , cut a wedge and mashed it between the tines of her fork , but she didn 't eat it .
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked a fraction but still didn 't come to rest on him as he prayed it would .
te	PAST	Sadness hovered over him , shadowing his eyes .
tr	PAST	He clutched his old straw hat with both hands at his waist , and he was so ashamed that he just looked at the ground .
te	PAST	She tipped her face up to look into his eyes .
tr	PAST	Around them lights flickered like ghost ships in a sea fog .
tr	PAST	I doubted I 'd be able to control the fire burning within me .
tr	PAST	Blood dripped down the side of his face from a nasty gash on his forehead .
tr	PAST	He terminated the program and backed out of the hack step by step , erasing his tracks .
tr	PAST	The hiker , equipped with staff and small backpack , ambled slowly up across the gently sloping pasture to the old Bohannon cemetery .
tr	PAST	Water sloshed over the sides with every step soaking his shirt that hung by one shoulder .
tr	PAST	I phoned him as soon as Mr. Howell contacted me .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands .
te	PAST	Jill hopped up and headed for the refrigerator .
tr	PAST	the female named Dare spat back .
tr	PAST	 You stole from me , Madeline Spencer . 
te	PAST	"Chapter 9 "" I 'm not scared of you , loser , "" stated Brad , hissing with venom ."
te	PAST	My vision glazed over .
tr	PAST	It exhausted me just thinking about it .
tr	PAST	She toys with the collar on my flannel shirt , her wet fingers grazing my neck , sending shivers down my back .
tr	PAST	Pieces of ceiling plunged to the floor .
tr	PAST	Sav 's eyebrows winged up toward his hairline as he stared the petite woman down .
tr	PAST	Neil attributed it to years of smiling at the press and pretending things were fine when he was living with abusive gangster rejects .
tr	PAST	Afterward , he crowned himself king and formed his own dynasty .
tr	PAST	 No , they did not ,  he stated .
va	PAST	Jane hopped off the bike .
tr	PAST	He still sought whatever path had been set for him .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the bush rumbled and Michel appeared .
tr	PAST	She swiped the card and the green light came on , releasing the magnetic lock -- Yes !
tr	PAST	Surely Lord Cleaver trusted him and knew his worth ?
tr	PAST	Her father cocked his head .
te	PAST	she inquired , her teeth bit her bottom lip again to stop it from trembling and she accidentally nipped his thumb .
tr	PAST	The bargaining over the fee commenced .
va	PAST	Neither choice appealed to her .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand in greeting .
tr	PAST	He chased her down and got in front of her , impeding her progress toward the door .
tr	PAST	"He stroked her hair , eyes closed , satisfied with the evening 's exercise , "" Good ."
tr	PAST	His Majesty honored the Pope with his courtesy .
tr	PAST	He snaked out and tore the ball away from me , twisting and shooting before I had barely even registered that the ball was gone .
tr	PAST	The ashtray had caved in with the dash .
va	PAST	" They all wrote a response and handed it to the judge , who read them out loud .
va	PAST	the man fired back .
va	PAST	He flipped open the pages and started to read .
va	PAST	 I hired you for a job ."
tr	PAST	The engine coughed and died .
tr	PAST	Her lips parted , eyes glazed .
tr	PAST	His eyes betrayed no emotion and his mouth bore the marks of tension .
tr	PAST	She also stuffed silver daggers in her boots , under her wrist sleeves , and under her pants belt .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply taking in Boone 's scent .
tr	PAST	His hand caressed her back , slid around to the curve of her breast .
tr	PAST	Instead , the people ambled together , arm in arm , laughing playfully in the French sun .
tr	PAST	I stifled a giggle with another bite of chili .
te	PAST	My mind scrolled through options and then just as quickly dismissed them .
tr	PAST	' Good to see you again , old boy , ' he lied .
tr	PAST	 He needs to be fed ,  Carol announced as though she were an authority on the subject of newborns .
tr	PAST	Watching their clothes ruffle appealed to the men , for they always liked to see more skin .
tr	PAST	All clear , Kaden reported .
va	PAST	The rock floor of the gallery shuddered and heaved again , and the booming noise echoed up through the caves .
tr	PAST	Inside , she inhaled the scent of fresh paint , undoubtedly soon to be replaced with a more exotic aroma .
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked out again , stroked , lingered .
tr	PAST	Hart 's breath fogged inside it , even though the April night was almost balmy .
va	PAST	She stripped him of his suit .
tr	PAST	Everyone shuffled from the room .
tr	PAST	Dcor projected a friendly ambiance , giving it style and grace .
va	PAST	She chanced a glance at his eyes .
te	PAST	He cocked his head to one side and shifted in his seat to look at me .
tr	PAST	Mack eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	" You have done well , Tarik .
tr	PRES	 If you question nothing , nothing changes ."
tr	PAST	When she moved , I resisted for years before going back .
tr	PAST	On the way to the bookstore , Julia inhaled fresh air and tried not to think about Damien going off after Mara .
te	PAST	 We tried to tell you to be patient , that true power came from your dedication and our teachings  Mace grunted from the effort .
tr	PAST	She dumped out the rotting food then made her way toward the grocery store .
tr	PAST	Aram reduced the pressure .
va	PAST	The rental car being moved and the changing open window curtain puzzled Daniel .
tr	PAST	Twisting around in my seat , I inhaled the unique outdoorsy scent that was all him .
tr	PAST	It was so distasteful , I dared not consider it .
te	PAST	Case battled the deep instinct to run and prayed that God would keep his voice strong .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , but couldn 't smell mothballs either .
tr	PAST	He yanked it away and hid it in his armpit before she could get a hold of it .
tr	PAST	His lips lingered over hers , not touching , but so close .
tr	PAST	On his chest , the blue abort triangle glowed brightly .
tr	PAST	My attention veered to the surrounding furniture .
tr	PAST	He eyed me critically , waiting for my answer .
tr	PAST	The guilt nestled itself in his stomach like a parasite .
tr	PAST	 You know what they say ,  the other demon countered .
tr	PAST	For a long time , I battled with my parents about getting up for school .
tr	PAST	He claimed it was his first live football game .
tr	PAST	Even before she turned on the light , she froze , instinct taking over .
tr	PAST	Before she could find it , the squeal of rubber on the pavement announced the arrival of his transportation .
va	PAST	He pinched the skin between his dark eyebrows .
tr	PAST	Once she was done eating , she tidied everything away and went to her office upstairs to check her e-mail and her Facebook page .
tr	PAST	the thin old man drawled insultingly .
tr	PAST	Guy laughed then tipped his head back and took a long swallow from the water bottle .
tr	PAST	 And I would not want you to ,  he assured her gently , and she raised her eyes to meet his gaze .
te	PAST	I cuffed him on the shoulder and stood to leave .
va	PAST	"I tensed and shouted , "" Stop it ! """
va	PAST	She sniffed once and drained the rest of her water , then sat clutching the glass as though it might provide her with some comfort .
tr	PAST	 I 'm afraid of heights ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	Overhead , he spotted a gaggle of swan like birds sail past the cloudy skies .
tr	PAST	"Whenever you 're done over there , it 's your turn , "" Shane announced ."
tr	PAST	Magic proved to be temperamental .
tr	PAST	Sara tugged at my elbow .
tr	PAST	Captain Groves grunted a half-hearted approval .
tr	PAST	I fled my family and came here .
te	PAST	She joked a bit with the crowd , thanked them for coming , and introduced her new poem .
tr	PAST	So I reflected on the task at hand .
va	PAST	He touches his fingertips together and keeps tapping the tops of his palms so it looks like a spider is doing push-ups on a mirror .
tr	PAST	She slowed when she got to the building on the other side of the house , right beside the stables that she and her mama stayed in .
tr	PAST	Yolanda 's heart rate gradually slowed down , and she became calmer .
tr	PAST	I affixed the stone phallus to my waist and pulled my tunic over it .
tr	PAST	The fabric rustled as it moved over her thighs and she froze .
tr	PAST	 Oh , Deus ,  Inez moaned .
tr	PAST	As the spell swept over the monsters , they slowed considerably , eventually collapsing to the ground as their bodies were completely encased in ice .
va	PAST	He extended a hand and clasped Bock by the elbow as they shook .
tr	PAST	"Gideon regarded her a moment before asking , "" What was your life like , before this ? """
tr	PAST	It slowed me down .
tr	PAST	Every muscle tensed as I blinked , blinded in the sudden darkness .
tr	PAST	Like some wild predator it merely acted by reflex alone .
va	PAST	He slapped the down button for the elevator .
tr	PAST	"She sensed him just before he struck , and killed him with a pitchfork . """
tr	PAST	"So she named me Gabriel . """
tr	PAST	I anticipated some heavy-duty fallout from being rejected , once again , by the people who had given me life , for whatever that was worth .
tr	PAST	 Take it away ,  he instructed the waiter .
te	PAST	 There 's someone here to visit you ,  Helen announced .
tr	PAST	 And remind me again , what war ? 
tr	PAST	I nearly collapsed in relief .
tr	PAST	I flopped into bed and laid there , forcing myself to think about happier things , about the new job I would start on Monday .
tr	PAST	The urge to comfort her tugged at him , but he managed to keep his distance .
va	PAST	Geoffrey seized her face and turned the redhead 's eyes back to his .
tr	PAST	He eyed it suspiciously , trying to remember when he had ordered it , before shrugging it off and grabbing a fork .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled at the thought , but then I gave off a louder scream .
tr	PAST	The number of passengers slowed to a trickle and then stopped .
te	PAST	A single blue light on Laurel 's computer monitor glowed across the room .
tr	PAST	A voice recognition menu identified the number he wanted and dialed it for him .
tr	PAST	Charlie compared the GPS coordinates to the island terrain .
tr	PAST	But that moment provided the greatest opportunity for them to be separated .
tr	PAST	A hoarse male voice pierced the breaking dawn .
te	PAST	They threaded their way past the various stages and headed towards the food vendor area .
tr	PAST	At one moment during our discussion , the conversation waned a bit , and I asked him why he hadn 't moved somewhere else .
te	PAST	"His fingers caressed the side of my face and , with a softer voice , he said , "" You ok ? """
tr	PAST	Sitting with Uncle Louie in the sanctuary before the service , I squinted up at the board listing today 's hymns .
tr	PAST	" He transferred this past year to UT .
tr	PAST	He leaped easily onto the railing and spread his arms wide , embracing the air as he stepped into space .
tr	PAST	Slowly , murmuring soft sounds of wakefulness , she inhaled a deep , satisfied breath and released it slowly .
tr	PAST	And uttered  It 's not real "" Again , he repeated shaking her even harder "" What did you see ? """
tr	PAST	To my astonishment , none of them pursued me .
tr	PAST	"So he embedded it in my mind without me even knowing it . """
te	PAST	"And that someday we 'd come home again . """
tr	PAST	He seized her wrist , fingers shaking as he kept himself from gripping too hard .
tr	PAST	"One of her Girls in Blue reported , "" No unusual readings on any scans ."
tr	PAST	The bell above the door chimed and when Carol glanced up , she nearly did a double-take .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's face crumpled , her voice strangled by sobs .
tr	PAST	He caressed the pictures before arranging them next to his gauges .
te	PAST	Andrew nudged at his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Aunt Marilyn stifled a laugh , slapping Sophie 's hand and wiping her mouth with her napkin .
tr	PAST	Of all things she prayed that Lord Rafe was a good man who would be kind in all his dealings with Adele .
tr	PAST	Chris later reflected that the intensity of their interest in this project was directly proportional to their inability to control events related to the murder .
tr	PAST	Pulling up one pant leg , he revealed that his leg looked like it belonged to a giant grasshopper .
tr	PAST	She scooted toward the door , clasping the spatula .
te	PAST	She doubted they would come up with anything she hadn 't , but at least she was providing information .
tr	PAST	" I lent him this a while ago .
tr	PRES	 Uh-huh , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	He crouched into the corner , the tapping at his lower back a gunshot from a sniper 's bullet .
tr	PAST	Sometimes progress saddened Thomas .
tr	PAST	I sobbed uncontrollably , my stomach clenching , over and over , until I ached .
tr	PAST	He scooted out of the booth and helped me rise .
tr	PAST	She launched off his back as he fell and lashed out at a woman at head height .
tr	PAST	" Jared trusted Daemon Sadi .
tr	PRES	Forcing myself to act , I relax my trembling arms away from my chest .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the small Hello Kitty purse she 'd brought and pulled it out .
tr	PAST	At that some surprised and hopeful eyes flicked up to hers for a moment .
tr	PAST	When dad 's car disappeared behind a cloud of road dust , I stomped back into the camp and sulked .
tr	PRES	He cups my chin and brings his face closer to mine .
tr	PAST	As I reached out for the flower , the hedge rustled .
tr	PRES	James tries to discern any hidden meaning in my words , but there is none .
tr	PAST	Hugh jerked , the knife grazing his leg in a fiery swipe .
tr	PAST	Tula tensed , suddenly defensive .
tr	PRES	Deer roam in great abundance .
tr	PAST	Before the words barely left his month , Delilah slapped him .
tr	PAST	They exited the land from where they had entered , crossing the Black River with its dark silty waters .
tr	PRES	It points towards the wall .
tr	PAST	Ronan feared that no matter how much she let him kiss her , touch her , it never would be .
tr	PAST	 Good , "" he simply stated ."
tr	PAST	 Nothing ,  she lied .
tr	PAST	Micah stomped a foot .
tr	PAST	Her eyes opened slowly , the gold nearly engulfed by black .
te	PAST	It sensed an awful lot of mess was heading its way .
tr	PAST	The weight of someone 's stare burrowed into the back of her head .
tr	PAST	Mr. Forrest produced a pamphlet which he tucked into Dan 's hand .
tr	PAST	 I named Pierce as my attacker . 
tr	PAST	 That 's not the problem ,  she sniffed .
tr	PAST	The President appointed him regional director of the southern states .
te	PAST	Everyone from my dad to Lottie to Zan to Stryker blamed themselves .
tr	PAST	I exit the room , refusing to look back , one foot in front of the other , with my head facing forward .
tr	PAST	A lineage revered by the others .
tr	PAST	Everyone panicked , trying to brush the spiders off as quickly as possible .
tr	PAST	The debris rained down on the spaceport .
tr	PAST	I was so scared , I dialed my parents right away .
tr	PAST	 I don 't know ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	Devin slowed his truck and turned into the parking lot .
tr	PAST	Women flocked to him and he cultivated his libidinous reputation with relish .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the Exiled Kindred soldiers behind him .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air above her head .
tr	PAST	Without a word Tanner pitched the ice from his cup onto the cement tarmac .
va	PAST	Strings of lightning unleashed from his fingertips .
tr	PAST	The man bore symbols of all of the Gods of Order upon his raiment .
tr	PAST	He lightened when he seen my face , like he remembered me .
tr	PAST	Minutes later , still wrapped in his arms , Catherine nuzzled her cheek into his .
tr	PAST	Mark adjusted a mantle clock so it sat perfectly straight on a display shelf .
tr	PAST	He recruited and encouraged Richard Lawrence to kill the president .
tr	PAST	 Please write your names on the sheets provided ,  the facilitator announced through a megaphone .
tr	PAST	' Sir , we 've just got the bank records through , ' Dean announced , entering Morton 's office without knocking .
tr	PAST	It nuzzled up to me and licked my cheeks , causing me to burst out giggling .
tr	PAST	She clutched a hand to her shoulder .
te	PAST	His words confirmed the admiration she read in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Her blush deepened and she ducked her head .
tr	PAST	Cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him .
tr	PAST	The people in the room perused the list which now consisted of ' 3 ) Employer ' and , ' 4 ) Accountant ' .
te	PAST	How I preferred instead the fresh smell of Sunnyside roses .
tr	PAST	Anna crawled across the floor and caught her breath before she could speak .
tr	PAST	Adam slapped him on the back and then returned to his wife .
tr	PAST	He dialed , checking the binder several times .
va	PAST	Fire exploded up through the hilt of the angel 's sword and along the blade .
tr	PAST	She replayed her conversation with Rebecca , and she tried to recall every word from her meeting with Fitch .
tr	PAST	the little boy exclaimed , tugging his father 's right hand .
tr	PAST	I switched it to silent mode and dropped it , not caring where it landed .
tr	PAST	Christopher crumpled up a piece of paper and threw it at his head .
tr	PAST	Paige , who stood close to me , circled me , eyeing me like I was for sale .
va	PAST	They proceeded through the lobby to the hotel 's front door where they exited onto Autumn 's Main Street .
tr	PAST	She stood up and leaned toward Surreal , her hands outstretched to touch Surreal 's face .
va	PAST	Cassie lunged forward , determined to get to them , to stop them before they really hurt each other .
tr	PAST	He blocked her jab and countered with one of his own , but she saw it coming and danced back just in time .
tr	PAST	Tom 's mind froze as he watched a large slab that had broken from the side of the palace .
tr	PAST	The scents of pine and sea drifted over her .
tr	PAST	Liquids flowed beneath its surface .
tr	PAST	Swallowing , I paced and debated my next move .
tr	PAST	Mom brightened , and I suspected their new home would be somewhere near her beloved London .
tr	PAST	She moaned as his tongue tangled and dueled with hers .
te	PAST	I eyed the bag , and then smiled at Bex .
va	PAST	Finally , her breathing slowed to normal .
tr	PAST	He advanced toward Jonathan then threw his branch to the ground between them .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and shook his head .
tr	PAST	Cindi straightened up , a little tense .
tr	PAST	Jeffery and Ellen both saluted .
tr	PAST	The squad slowed , which meant that , in the nature of these things , those at the back piled into the hesitant ones in front .
tr	PAST	He adjusted her body until she was pressed firmly against him , as intimately as possible while they were both still fully dressed .
te	PAST	 You lied to me . 
te	PAST	As I waited for the light , frowning myself , I reflected that people were more psychic than they realized .
tr	PAST	My fingers inched toward her , reaching out to touch the exposed flesh where her shirt had crept up .
tr	PAST	Only his wife sometimes teased him by calling him God .
tr	PAST	We trudged on for a bit .
tr	PAST	"The old man scoffed a laugh , "" fear not for your precious drakes !"
te	PAST	 You 'll come for breakfast tomorrow ,  she stated firmly , giving him a look that dared contradiction .
tr	PAST	Hearing it stated that bluntly didn 't sit well with Laura .
tr	PAST	' But I marked also that this old man had a hat not a hood .
tr	PAST	Suddenly his gaze flicked down to my lips and I knew .
tr	PAST	She squealed and shook her red hair out .
tr	PAST	The device beeped once , and instantly began counting down .
tr	PAST	Their ascent slowed as they approached the lens , higher up and much bigger than he 'd estimated .
tr	PAST	His hand gently molded the curve of her breast , and she gasped against his lips .
te	PAST	 Or we can take it to the field ,  Michael challenged .
tr	PAST	 Hi ,  Patrick grunted , slinging his pack against a tree .
tr	PAST	The sea monster dove again .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered , now fully realizing this was but another wonderfully crafted and expertly performed work of theater .
tr	PAST	But my heart tugged .
tr	PAST	" He said ' couldn 't , '  he exclaimed , "" as in physically unable to speak ."
te	PAST	He hovered over me , studying me with worried eyes as I prepared to leave .
te	PAST	 Get off of that rock , Jimmy ,  she nervously instructed him .
va	PAST	"She pretended she didn 't understand what was happening , but she did . """
tr	PAST	Cool air dusted her spine .
tr	PAST	He swiveled around , in case Raven managed to dart by without him seeing .
va	PAST	He also dealt with Gwyn 's leg .
tr	PAST	I hopped off the treadmill .
tr	PAST	Tom staggered but remained on his feet .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , to make sure , I phoned my wife .
tr	PAST	After Joel walked away , Aiden plopped down across from me , but it was obvious something was wrong .
tr	PAST	I feared you would be left alone inside that wall .
tr	PAST	It dove right at her .
tr	PAST	Bobo munched his way through a muffin of his own .
tr	PAST	Damion swore and sat there for a moment with his mouth wide open and his heart beating fast .
tr	PAST	Her teeth chattered , with cold or fear or both .
tr	PAST	I clutched her closer , more agony ripping through me as if it were my body that had been broken beyond repair instead of hers .
tr	PAST	She served the ladies first , then walked around to the other end of the table to serve the men , stopping next to Flynn .
va	PAST	Violet ribbons floated gracefully in a sea of shimmering water .
tr	PAST	Then the many conversations with Kay Quin swirled around her brain .
tr	PAST	Brenda Wilson regarded him with her customary severely serene expression .
tr	PAST	She hopped she had collected all of the strands .
tr	PAST	I grunted , hung up the phone , and didn 't get to take the second step toward my bed when someone knocked at the door .
tr	PAST	Her gun hand never wavered from the woman 's head .
tr	PAST	Gaston unbuttoned his dark jacket before taking a seat in one of the green plastic chairs in front of the large , heavy desk .
tr	PAST	he rasped , gathering Air angrily .
tr	PAST	Entering her chambers , the thick scent of incense immediately assailed us.I almost covered my nose because the air was so heavy with it .
va	PAST	They piled in , and strapped on their harnesses .
tr	PAST	' Sure , ' I mumbled , trundling back down the corridor .
tr	PAST	I wiggled my bare toes and looked down at my filthy , torn clothing , still reeking heavily of sulfur and sweat .
tr	PAST	Hunt unwound the gauze and gently prodded the area behind her left temple .
tr	PAST	When confident I wasn 't going to fall back down again , I limped into the foyer and unbolted the lock , leaving the chain attached .
va	PAST	Instead , his actions resulted in you nearly burning to death .
tr	PAST	 No ... No hospital ,  she protested , her voice hoarse and weak .
tr	PAST	His eyes and mind skipped over anyone he did not see , anyone who might have escaped , just as they missed the few signs of struggle .
tr	PAST	His words replayed again and again in her head while she waited in silence for him to return .
tr	PAST	He attempted to clarify ( rather incredulously ) .
tr	PAST	" I advised Luc of tonight 's events and asked him about the CPD .
tr	PAST	His mother inhaled sharply , bringing her hands to her mouth as she took a step back from her son .
tr	PAST	I feared Kennan no longer wanted me .
tr	PAST	Larry 's reflexes acted before his mind remembered Cally 's last warning  ... Their using tractor trailers as transports ! """
tr	PAST	Daniel cleaned up nicely in a grey suit and dark blue tie .
tr	PAST	The stench of soured spaghetti sauce washed over me .
tr	PAST	In mental agony he collapsed onto the console in front of him .
tr	PAST	' I think it was one of the rustlers , ' he reported .
tr	PAST	All those competing colors whirled about in her head , and sounds of the sea seemed to follow her heartbeat softly , insistently .
te	PAST	Then it abruptly banked again , and moved away low to the ground , heading south toward the concrete pad .
tr	PAST	Too new to have gathered dust yet , its bare marble floors reflected back the stars visible through the enormous floor-to-ceiling windows .
te	PAST	Caleb flung the doors wide and stomped after him , a man on a mission with thunder in his eyes .
va	PAST	Ethan fisted his hands , glaring at him , but didn 't say a word .
va	PAST	I blink the long sequences of thoughts from my mind , ones created from the adrenaline coursing through me , along with an abundance of alcohol .
tr	PAST	They plunged through the undergrowth for a long time , but suddenly Rafe stopped abruptly .
va	PAST	Sheer terror engulfed her .
tr	PAST	She flattened her back to the wall and split her attention between the pair of demons and whatever was coming now .
tr	PAST	He visited his men in prison and was shocked by their condition .
tr	PAST	The night coalesced into cavorting shapes and figures .
te	PAST	"I am hungry , "" Helen announced as he finished with his breeches and picked up his tunic ."
tr	PAST	Alex shrieked his welcome at their sight , rushed to slobber on each of them equally .
tr	PAST	When my fingers rested there , he froze .
tr	PAST	 Banged my elbow ,  she lied , and looked over at the others .
tr	PAST	Something whizzed by her shoulder .
tr	PAST	As I ran across the lawn , my boots sloshed on the saturated grass .
tr	PAST	Even his offer to return to the keep when she had begun to sneeze had been staged .
te	PAST	He slapped his palm against the door jamb .
tr	PAST	I sought his pouting , bottom lip and sucked it into my mouth .
tr	PAST	She dared not turn on the running lights for a few miles .
tr	PAST	"I thought sure he wanted to marry you , "" Melanie stated ."
tr	PAST	Reece collapsed back into Levi 's chest , and looked up into his worried face .
tr	PAST	"I ... I feared the worst when I couldn 't find you . """
tr	PAST	Heisenberg shrieked in fury , but then there was a blast and Big D was thrown a step backward .
va	PAST	The things I endured for my son .
tr	PAST	He eyed my attire .
tr	PAST	His hand lightly massaged her neck and shoulders .
tr	PAST	 Sit down ,  Walt instructed when she remained frozen to the spot .
te	PAST	 So ...  I perch on the edge of the sofa and wait .
te	PAST	When it was necessary to send someone outside to trade for tools and other supplies , the village voted on it .
tr	PAST	Tanya motioned for Tom to step forward and he did .
tr	PAST	 Who hired you to find him anyway ? 
tr	PAST	 I don 't understand ,  Boone stated filled with trepidation .
tr	PAST	Her eyes , totally dilated , darted about like a trapped doe 's .
te	PAST	When I return home I creep into the kitchen and hope that Doyle hasn 't awakened .
tr	PAST	 Don 't worry about it , Dad ,  I reassured him .
tr	PAST	Then I destroyed them .
va	PAST	Mary drafted the official handbook , and ever since then , all Smitten Kittens doubled as official cheater catchers .
va	PAST	The party soon disintegrated .
tr	PAST	His smooth , thick tip dipped in , then suddenly withdrew .
tr	PAST	My heart thumped in my chest and I tried to calm myself down but all of the horrid memories came rushing in one by one .
tr	PAST	The part of my being that had felt achy over what happened with Dee warmed , and that warmth spilled over .
tr	PAST	Jonathan slowed , squinting out into the darkness .
tr	PAST	He estimated another two weeks , three at the most .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved into a cocky smile .
tr	PAST	We collected the few belongings we had and put them on our backs , everything fitting into a single bag .
tr	PAST	I wasn 't even frightened anymore .
te	PAST	Curses exploded from Donovan 's mouth as rage swelled out of control in his chest .
tr	PAST	A light bulb finally flicked on in my dimwitted brain .
tr	PAST	Then something yanked me down with brutal force .
te	PAST	Whatever , he pondered , whatever that will be .
tr	PAST	They hoisted the man into a chair .
tr	PAST	I glided out of the living room , my feet on the ground , but I didn 't feel the steps .
tr	PAST	"A single tear fled down her face , but she quickly wiped it away . """
tr	PAST	 It 's a wild boar ,  Steve exclaimed out loud , and Jakob nodded .
tr	PAST	You fool , it 's happening already , an inner voice chided him .
tr	PAST	Madeline squared her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Actions spurred by emotion , unaffected by reason , require much more reflection .
va	PAST	She slapped him three times , hard , and peered into them .
tr	PAST	Dugan plopped the pelican between them and grabbed the paddle .
tr	PAST	The raid resulted in the arrest of 3 suspects in the recent crime spree that hit the Hollywood Hills and Griffith Park .
tr	PAST	 We work in the forest ,  volunteered Meyer .
tr	PAST	I lied then because I had no direction , but I needed you to chase me .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a happy sigh when school finally let out for the day .
tr	PAST	" Fine , that 's just real fine , Hawk .
tr	PRES	I scramble down the banks and call across to where he 's standing , knee-deep in the water .
tr	PAST	Seven stars circled over his heart .
tr	PAST	In his position beside Timberlake , Flattery clutched a stanchion , asked himself : Where is Prue ?
tr	PRES	 We don 't have much time , "" he whispers ."
tr	PAST	I piled the rags and two pairs of boots up next to my rope and leaned against the wall to rest .
tr	PAST	Amber deserved it all !
tr	PAST	 Oh , yeah , you do ,  he crooned in a darkly seductive voice .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth as he slowly advanced , inch by inch .
tr	PAST	Had the bread and honey slowly unraveled him ?
te	PAST	She shuddered , , panting , as his tongue traced circles around her sex and his fingers rubbed and stroked .
tr	PAST	I sobbed into his FSU T-shirt .
tr	PAST	The flames absorbed his complete attention .
tr	PAST	A gun boomed from somewhere deep inside .
tr	PAST	She exhaled and started signing beside various X 's on the sheets .
tr	PAST	" All my life I 've seen my dad screw around with women and throw them aside as if they meant nothing .
tr	PAST	He pitched over on his side and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	It stops things bleeding . "
va	PAST	Hotwire hooked his own safety belt on the run and reached .
te	PAST	She withdrew the spear pieces and regarded them with some confusion .
tr	PAST	" It certainly did , my lord .
te	PAST	 Contract ... "" "" ... prohibits revealing her location , "" McKie completed ."
tr	PAST	A meadow fairy in miniature size zipped toward Dorian , transformed to human size , and spoke with quick breaths .
tr	PAST	 I 'm sorry ,  I immediately choked out .
tr	PAST	" Very attractive , too .
tr	PAST	She glided her hand down her stomach , feeling the muscles in her stomach tighten at the contact .
tr	PAST	Reyes 's hands fisted at his sides , bereft without his blades .
tr	PAST	A download of expectation charged the circle of family and friends .
tr	PAST	No one bothered telling the nurse what was going on , mostly because we were all too keyed up .
tr	PRES	Like a boy trying to imitate his father .
tr	PRES	 That she could make up her lies for all eternity and not reach the truth . """
tr	PAST	Thinking back , I recalled how my hesitation about fighting brats had led to Fade and me being captured .
te	PAST	The man grunted and sprawled out on the dirt , clutching his side in agony .
tr	PAST	Their breathing mingled in heated , intoxicating kisses that only increased the passion growing between them .
tr	PAST	You killed them , a small voice in his head stated firmly .
tr	PAST	Thor sensed right away that there was great danger .
tr	PAST	 Oh , puppy ,  she crooned , and petted her .
tr	PAST	The teenagers piled aboard and headed for some open seats .
tr	PAST	Drake flexed his muscles ; he and his brother were just as broad across the shoulders as Dragon and Crane and they were all tattooed .
tr	PAST	It resulted in me getting Peyton back , which turned out that it had been the only thing I ever really needed .
tr	PAST	Thanks to a serious lack of judgment and a night of subpar sex with a gym rat named Tiffany , even that sanctuary had taken a nosedive .
tr	PAST	Daniel 's grin flattened .
te	PAST	In this way they prayed for nearly an hour .
tr	PAST	 Go on ,  Royce invited her , his speculative gaze riveted on her with rapt fascination .
te	PAST	She stomped her bare foot .
tr	PAST	I sensed the evil !
te	PAST	Steve 's expression steadied .
te	PAST	The yellow light dimmed .
tr	PAST	 We got enough ,  I lied , not wanting him to worry .
tr	PAST	It touches his chest then closes its hand as if it has a part of something tangible .
tr	PAST	The soup spattered his clothes , the pot bounced off the table , but missed him .
tr	PAST	He seized it and pulled it free of the others .
tr	PAST	At last his hands reached up to clutch at her arms , his eyes as black as midnight as his fangs fully extended .
tr	PAST	The pitch of his voice increased with his growing excitement .
te	PAST	 Not intentionally ,  she assured him .
tr	PAST	His hands urged her closer , and she went , standing between his legs while his palm found her wet channel , pressing heavily in exploration .
tr	PAST	Matt and I skipped out on our Thursday night workout with Scott because he wanted to spend alone time with me to talk .
va	PAST	Fighting the urge to kick the wall in anger , Aria fisted her hands and spun back around .
tr	PAST	" Wow ...  He exclaimed at my gift - "" Alice in Wonderland "" ."
tr	PAST	The momentarily shock at my unexpected outburst lessened the pain slightly .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through my chest and I bent over at the waist , fighting the urge to hurl .
tr	PAST	She flicked it and below , back toward the wall , a single bulb lit up .
tr	PAST	I clutched the card in my hand as Jonah led me away .
tr	PAST	With one finger I traced the outline of my bedroom .
tr	PAST	Hillier pondered for a moment , studying the table for inspiration before looking up again hopefully .
tr	PAST	Her muscles instantly tensed again .
tr	PAST	Callum stifled a growl , stopped , turned to Sonia 's guardian and regarded him in silence .
tr	PAST	She had a pleasant smile , her eyes twinkled when she smiled .
tr	PAST	He scrunched his eyebrow , trying to figure out where to begin .
tr	PAST	She stormed over to Joan who winked at her again .
tr	PAST	We grunted and groaned as Martina and I both pulled back on our controls .
tr	PAST	With that the man named Hansen continued to write , heeding the other man no more .
tr	PAST	Someone tacked tinsel on the ceiling and half-eaten boxes of candy and cookies were everywhere .
te	PAST	I shrank away at the menace in his gaze , but he didn 't release my hand .
te	PAST	With a burst of excitement , Viggo skipped over to the grand piano .
tr	PAST	The pickpocket was stretched out above , arms and legs split wide to anchor himself in what appeared to be an almost impossible ascent .
tr	PAST	In the doorway of Charming 's cottage , she clutched the handles of her suitcases .
tr	PAST	Marcus withdrew a handkerchief and wiped the sweat from Avery 's brow .
va	PAST	Callie dialed Poe 's number .
va	PAST	We stood in the freezing air as the afternoon turned overcast , a light snow dusted the earth .
va	PAST	I unzipped the black duffel bag hanging off my shoulder and reached inside .
tr	PAST	Wild mushrooms , ricotta , feta , and parmesan cheeses , and fresh basil topped one of the best sauces I had ever eaten .
tr	PAST	I find Dallas sitting on the couch , her feet propped up on the arm as she scrolls through the screen of her phone .
tr	PAST	 Come on , admit it ,  he urged .
va	PAST	A smile tugged at her mouth .
tr	PAST	"uh ... ah , "" I mumbled , not knowing how to respond ."
tr	PAST	Now she was achingly , breathlessly aroused , her cunt creamy with lust and softening in eager anticipation of another wondrous orgasm .
tr	PAST	The bottom of the boat soaked my knees , but I didn 't care .
tr	PAST	She stomped down the stairs and swept into the room like the Red Queen , muttering , Fine , where 's the stupid letter ?
te	PAST	He feared confronting any of them .
va	PAST	1 ARIA Aria lurched upright , the echo of gunshots ringing in her ears .
tr	PAST	Then , cursing and grumbling to himself , he stomped back up the yard and stopped in front of the prisoner working in the garden .
tr	PAST	I shuffle my feet along the boards of the slightly arched bridge as we walk over it .
va	PAST	' Whoa , ' she suddenly screeched .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver , numb .
tr	PAST	Under his breath , Jared scoffed .
tr	PAST	" I infiltrated the group to get as much dirt on Braydon as possible .
te	PRES	She always finds herself in need of a pause because even though it wouldn 't hurt her , yet , it will hurt everyone else around her .
te	PRES	Jasper rushes in front to shield me , but it 's too late .
te	PRES	Marae shakes her head , thrown off by my question .
te	PRES	Lisa 's eyes widen .
te	PAST	She tapped her foot against the floor dramatically .
te	PAST	Most of it depended on her .
te	PRES	I pray that the police car will follow us , but it speeds on by , siren blaring .
te	PRES	Tree tops spin through the branches above her .
te	PRES	I refuse to be aware of this . "
tr	PAST	Only the safety screen on the truck prevented him from being crushed .
tr	PAST	Then the bell chimed over the door of the coffee shop , alerting them to a new customer .
tr	PAST	The petals tickled his cheeks .
tr	PAST	Mistral grappled Sam 's hand , surprising Sam .
tr	PAST	With a ferocious growl , he charged forward and knocked Brutus to the ground .
tr	PAST	He sensed the movement and turned toward her again , so she jerked her elbow up hard , smacking him against the jaw .
tr	PAST	 That man says you 're a hero ,  Samantha countered .
tr	PAST	Anton weaved a path to the only open table , waving at a few of the waitresses behind the counter , who blushed almost immediately .
tr	PAST	I crouched down in front of the cabinet below the kitchen sink .
tr	PAST	"So I lied to you when I brought you here . """
tr	PAST	Having scrutinized each song Richard proposed also cutting Only When it 's Saturday as a 7-inch single .
tr	PAST	His eyes fled up the cliff walls of its trousers .
tr	PAST	Immediately they awoke , but did not move .
va	PAST	"So isn 't the treaty sort of moot , anyhow ? """
te	PAST	He ' d proven as much more times than she could count .
tr	PAST	Planting a quick kiss on his snout , I darted past , ready to throw the door open .
tr	PAST	He eyed me warily as we came in , then turned his attention to Kenzie once more .
tr	PAST	I smacked his knee .
tr	PAST	Sean eyed the older man .
tr	PAST	Time around me slowed down and my thoughts sped up .
tr	PAST	Ralph eyed the two of us .
tr	PAST	Something raw and tender in the way Armand looked , all the composure stripped away .
tr	PAST	Amy playfully smacked him and then kissed him .
tr	PAST	The sink in the kitchen area served as her bathing station .
te	PAST	But I doubted it , and secretly I resented the court politics which I blamed for devastating her nerves and inviting her to an early grave .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 6 The moment sunlight touched my skin , I faltered a step .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply against his heated skin when he bared her neck to graze his teeth across her skin .
tr	PAST	Then , almost casually , he withdrew a knife .
tr	PAST	If the phone rang , her pulse skipped , thinking she 'd hear his deep voice on the other end .
tr	PAST	Two of the kids jogged off to search the buildings .
tr	PAST	I unzipped the bag and started rummaging through it .
tr	PAST	I froze as he threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	PAST	Behind the linen curtains , Maggie stiffened .
tr	PAST	For a moment , Matthew feared he had said more than he should have .
tr	PAST	Marie balled her fists , glaring at her sister .
tr	PAST	His left arm snaked around her , pinning her arm to her side .
tr	PAST	In a flash , he replaced it with the nightgown and turned her to face him .
tr	PAST	Somehow , Savannah navigated this minefield without reacting to any stress I redirected her way .
tr	PAST	Even though she secretly feared that she did .
tr	PAST	Charlie unexpectedly ducked to the ground and covered his head with his arms , just as the deafening sound of exceptionally close gunfire filled the air .
tr	PAST	 Thanks : so do you ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	The men proceeded to swear him their loyalty , and ensured him that they would honor his wishes .
tr	PAST	Ted sensed the tide had swung against him .
tr	PAST	Nikki slapped Lori 's hand away , laughing .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I pulled her into an embrace .
tr	PAST	Lee 's confusion transformed into a smile .
tr	PAST	The ache reflected there tears at my soul .
va	PAST	Gerald was being chased .
tr	PAST	" Sam risked a lot to be with you .
tr	PRES	Gage opens the one at the end with caution before ushering us inside .
tr	PAST	The man tensed , a cup of coffee halfway to his lips , as his eyes slid toward Corrado .
tr	PAST	He acted like his mausoleum was the greatest thing ever while appearing to believe that it was the only place to stay cool .
tr	PRES	In fact , for some reason , it downright pisses me off .
tr	PAST	 It 's a - "" Calliope slapped her hand over my mouth ."
tr	PAST	Suddenly , in the trees , a very large raccoon looking creature emerged , looking down on them with large , round neon green eyes .
te	PAST	He thanked him for believing in him and for taking down the terrorists before a tragedy occurred .
va	PAST	I battled the urge to rip my shirt off in the Heller 's front yard .
tr	PAST	Barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , pushing some of the half-empty cartons of Chinese out of the way and setting down the box .
tr	PAST	 He drugged ...  she says , closing her eyes .
te	PAST	He caressed her moist heat and savored each broken , shuddering cry as she opened for him .
tr	PAST	Merlin 's eyes twinkled as he turned away from him .
tr	PAST	I 'm going to have to insist that you see the relationship counselor , a wonderful lady named Ann Goldman , once a week .
tr	PAST	Angry now , he stormed out of the house and slammed the door , but he didn 't feel any better for having vented his irritation .
tr	PAST	Instead , all the plants and trees bore the look of late summer , green and bursting with fruit .
tr	PAST	Newton buttoned his coat and threw his scarf over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	The craft slowed to a halt , breaking down upon a rocky platform .
te	PAST	She stomped after Will and Jaime , cussing under her breath .
tr	PAST	Julie giggled again , and Sylvia gave her a puzzled glance .
tr	PAST	She rummaged in her bag and handed me one .
tr	PAST	After the caboose lost it 's wheels , it tipped to one side and slowly began to roll over as we crossed the bridge .
tr	PAST	 This place is much bigger than ours ,  I commented as we gazed around the crowded common room and kitchen .
tr	PAST	" They smashed the other one straight down to the floor .
tr	PRES	 Hi , "" I murmur quietly as she reaches the steps and I open the door ."
tr	PAST	 Good for you , Violet ,  Iris exclaimed .
tr	PAST	For I know you and I do not fear you , nor have I ever feared you .
va	PAST	My stomach churned at the thought though .
tr	PAST	In front of her rises a massive curving transparent bulkhead beyond which is an incredible panoramic view of Jupiter and her many moons .
tr	PAST	Outside , his bike rumbled to life , roared to a thunder as he took it to the street .
tr	PAST	The generator 's roar muted a little as the line shuffled forward .
tr	PAST	Arms crossed over her chest , she circled him in a slow perusal .
tr	PAST	Then I unbuttoned my shrug , shimmied out of it , and dropped it out of sight behind the seat .
tr	PAST	Before I even was able to close the gate behind me , at least five goats charged at me .
va	PAST	The two men exchanged glances .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked toward the ceiling as he slipped among the shadows and silently climbed the stairs .
tr	PAST	Eric 's grip slackened in shock .
te	PAST	"He rented the unit in readiness for your demise . """
tr	PAST	 Mmm , the coffee smells good ,  I announced as I walked into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	I heard voices from the kitchen as I came through the living room , its walls lined with mahogany wainscoting and built-in bookshelves .
te	PAST	"A man named Racer . """
te	PAST	Paul estimated that they had made it out just in time .
tr	PAST	She unfolded it but I didn 't need to look at it to know that it was the adoption paper in all its glory .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	The sight stole the smile from my face .
tr	PAST	While I was out of the country on business , she hooked up with an old boyfriend and became pregnant .
tr	PAST	 It is juniper ,  he stated calmly .
tr	PAST	 I need to go to Engle 's ,  Emily announced while having her dry toast and sturdy black coffee .
tr	PAST	A moment later , her Blackberry vibrated madly , skittering across her desk like an angry crab .
tr	PAST	He clearly bristled at her question .
tr	PAST	Quentin cocked his head and leaned back in his chair .
tr	PAST	 I 'm so sorry ,  I sob still desperately clinging to his arm .
tr	PAST	As he obeyed , he tugged his hand from her and rubbed where they 'd been connected .
te	PAST	Her three sisters-in-law assured her this was normal , but Eleanor worried .
tr	PAST	Her voice so flat , so sad , ripped him to his very soul .
tr	PAST	I cringed when I thought of my behavior over the past few weeks .
te	PAST	Brick faltered to the hands of time and unstable earth .
tr	PAST	" I never claimed to be anything other than a man .
tr	PAST	He froze and thought of what to say .
tr	PRES	 Ada , Ada ... "" And then it happened : Melissa 's cold hand grasped her chin , and a wave of emotion cascaded through her ."
va	PAST	He entertained - just for a split second - the notion of living a normal existence , without the dark past that had shaped him .
tr	PAST	2 Thelma , Peter and their son Gerald sobbed all through dinner .
tr	PAST	 I 'll second that ,  Aram grunted .
tr	PAST	 I 'm trying ,  I uttered .
tr	PAST	She bounced up and down with anxiety .
tr	PAST	He charged Carpenter and pinned him to the wall .
tr	PAST	" But despite that , she created something children actually want to play with .
tr	PRES	A gift from an earlier generation , I assume .
tr	PAST	 Ladies and gentlemen , during the next few weeks you 're going to hear some terrible stories , some so horrific they 'll turn your stomach ."
tr	PAST	Alec raced through the dark and burning streets , calling out over and over for Aline .
tr	PAST	"The Falcon "" How dare he ? """
tr	PAST	The newspapers the next day exploded with reports of seeing people in black posting the images all over Lubbock .
te	PAST	I suddenly feared that whatever it was , I wouldn 't like it .
tr	PAST	A statue of a wilting female regarded them with a baleful stare , which they ignored .
va	PAST	Sara pretended she hadn 't seen my moment of weakness and kept the conversation going .
tr	PAST	Abruptly he withdrew his hand , lifted me off his lap , and set me back in the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	The bodies just floated there .
tr	PAST	More thunder rumbled , and when she climbed out of the truck , lightning flashed across the sky .
va	PAST	The elders pretended the other enclave had done something wrong , that they deserved their fate .
te	PAST	"Hell , he blackmailed me into this whole thing . """
te	PAST	 I will ,  she assured him , her words muffled .
tr	PAST	It writhed in places and it wasn 't just from feet kicking leaves .
te	PAST	Muscles in my arms and legs tensed , willing Aimee to appear .
va	PAST	A few tests proved that with care and effort we could resist at least the initial onslaught of radiation sickness .
va	PAST	The clean scent of Pears soap on his skin as he held me close and whispered his love , promising his heart and his safe return .
tr	PAST	But he could have easily skipped his medication .
tr	PAST	Both guys in the front seat munched on sandwiches .
tr	PAST	I turned to face him , my hand still clasped on the doorknob .
tr	PAST	The insect things buzzed and whined and tore at his pack , but they could not gain entrance .
tr	PAST	He always fries me with fireballs , skewers me with a samurai sword or pummels me into pulp , but I 'm getting good quick .
tr	PAST	The sheep cowered in the corner .
tr	PAST	I doubted it was a good thing .
tr	PAST	The bodies piled on top of one another , covering the earth with blood , tissue , and bone fragments .
tr	PAST	I 'm sorry , he wrote .
tr	PAST	No , not lied to me .
tr	PAST	Suddenly lights twinkled and lit up , cascading from tree to tree , from bush to bush .
tr	PAST	Edwina adjusted her position , turning her body slightly so she could study Luna .
tr	PAST	With a final roar I shattered the heated links in a flurry of shrapnel and molten metal .
tr	PAST	Fury sparked in his eyes .
tr	PAST	 Carl , come over here and set a while ,  she urged her brother , placing a chair for him .
tr	PAST	Anna bounced him a little and she felt his hands close around her shirt .
tr	PAST	"You were made to kill and destroy , don 't tell me Heisenberg created something with feelings , "" he scoffed ."
tr	PAST	 No poison in the teapot , then ? 
tr	PAST	Suddenly , their faces and clothes transformed and revealed their true identity - Cindy and Vanessa .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	In other words ... I scored one-tenth of a point higher than the Jade Dragon Clan student !
tr	PAST	Josephine pondered her situation and wondered why she was so unlucky .
tr	PAST	My mom hauled the door open .
tr	PAST	Bax discreetly holstered his pistols , handing the kerchief back to Cordelia .
tr	PAST	I lurched to my feet just as Ellen came rushing into the living room carrying a dish rag .
tr	PAST	 You quit ? 
tr	PAST	This earned him a respect from the rough Vikings that all his knowledge could not .
tr	PAST	I squinted at him .
tr	PAST	They proceeded directly toward the site , following the overhead laser beams .
tr	PAST	Instead he slowed his thrusts and held a near sobbing Tara as she floated back to earth .
te	PAST	Butterflies flapped recklessly in her stomach whenever Cooper was near .
tr	PAST	They edged me forward .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , the guys flanking the bleachers starting working their way towards either end of the soccer field , preparing to bracket us in a crossfire .
tr	PAST	She received a cold glare for her efforts .
tr	PAST	Symes heaved a sigh .
va	PAST	He winds through the crowd after a couple of other kids in my direction , and I feel like collapsing with relief .
te	PAST	I pleaded with her .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , other people sought it too .
tr	PAST	An energy buzzed through my body , and I had to stop myself from hugging him .
te	PAST	"I messed up . """
tr	PAST	The guard who did not have his foot trapped under a table advanced on Jain and swung his sword .
tr	PAST	Another man , standing at the wheel , also brandished a weapon .
tr	PAST	"Just got transferred to Covert Ops . """
tr	PAST	' He 's a smart bastard , ' grunted my partner .
tr	PAST	It smashed against the opposite wall .
tr	PAST	The fear coiled inside me snapped like a rubber band , and I raised my chin .
tr	PAST	Only true friends faked kidnappings so you would admit your feelings .
tr	PAST	He eyed us from where he stood - the distance between us only a few strides away .
tr	PAST	I flopped down across from him and picked at a tuft of grass .
tr	PAST	He belted up and began the startup sequence .
tr	PAST	"Brian contacted Karen without prior notice or approval from you . """
tr	PAST	A woman 's voice , distorted , panicked , breathy .
tr	PAST	Flashes of her head smacking that stone assaulted me .
te	PAST	At the French doors he froze .
tr	PAST	But plucking up courage he spoke again .
tr	PAST	You see , a lot of people get it wrong , ' she lied on her feet , her heart beating in her ears as she did .
va	PAST	John cringed inwardly at his own weak start and decided to get more serious .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled my head for a second .
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to take the contents out of the bag .
tr	PAST	Brady lounged behind an imposing desk in his equally grand computer chair .
tr	PAST	These men sought possession and money , the ownership of other human beings , and were willing to do whatever it took to accomplish their ends .
tr	PAST	His kind eyes revealed his concern .
tr	PAST	Irritated , I inched away from him , looking furtively at the other couples , both men stretching their knees wide apart and shuffling .
te	PAST	Misty upended it , pouring the liquid in a stream into her mouth .
va	PAST	How could he have doubted their ability to help ?
tr	PAST	Got transferred to voice mail both times .
va	PAST	 I don 't have a -  Tara froze in panic .
tr	PAST	A middle-aged fellow with a long beard emerged from within the tower and blocked the door .
tr	PAST	Everyone but Cindy plopped themselves down into five comfy chairs , and Cindy rolled up beside them .
tr	PAST	She squinted and blinked several times , as if she was deciding .
tr	PAST	I playfully smacked Kellan 's stomach as I came up to him in the kitchen the next morning .
tr	PAST	Then he tugged on my nipples and I lost it .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed Mary with a great degree of reluctance .
tr	PAST	Tears streamed down his eyes .
tr	PAST	The staccato assault ranged across the giant 's chest , on his sides , down to his knee caps and back up to his throat .
tr	PAST	His family provided the carriage without question , and it 's waiting here .
tr	PAST	Watt 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	Edwin realised he 'd been out manoeuvred .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a deep breath .
tr	PAST	inquired his father as he walked to meet him at the foot of the stairs .
tr	PAST	Then the disorientation washed away and became a hot anger .
va	PAST	She squeaked in surprise , startled out of her thoughts .
tr	PAST	The T outlined every broad muscle of his chest .
tr	PAST	She yelped her questions .
tr	PAST	At a run , but still keeping out of sight of the main group of pirates , we chased after the truck .
tr	PAST	He sensed that things were going downhill fast , but he could not think of a way to stop the runaway train .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted with a gold signet ring on his right hand , which bore a complicate crest .
tr	PAST	" I lent you all those books so you could read them and develop your mind .
tr	PAST	Christopher exhaled , his brow lifting to his hairline like one huge shrug .
tr	PAST	Thomas collapsed to the ground gulping for air .
tr	PRES	Its face plates flip and fold in concentration as it instantly starts to disarm the device .
tr	PRES	The woman , my client , pays the fee and doesn 't even peek at them .
tr	PRES	She only wishes to do harm to others . "
tr	PAST	Other members of Society slap their fins on the surface of the water .
tr	PAST	Auron feared to dismount the bull and burn in the fire , but the creatures themselves did not seemed affected by it .
tr	PAST	I extended my hands with a shrug .
tr	PAST	She exhaled another cloud of smoke toward the ceiling .
te	PAST	He almost choked on the word .
tr	PAST	Now he received nothing for his efforts beyond the promise that his family would not be harmed .
tr	PAST	 You tricked me ! 
tr	PAST	These little girls yearned to know what made suffering , in the now and the hereafter .
tr	PAST	He eyed her warily , obviously concerned .
tr	PAST	Rachel asked , voice pitched higher than she herself was accustomed to .
tr	PAST	Hope surged through me at her words - bright , beautiful , shining hope .
tr	PAST	" When I won my first moto , it automatically advanced me to the final .
tr	PRES	It borders on suicide .
tr	PAST	Cursing myself , I cleaned up the mess and tried to get comfortable on the couch .
tr	PAST	The kind of hug where I leaned my head on his chest and let him wrap me up in his arms .
tr	PRES	Knox lies on his back and I have my head on his chest listening to his heartbeat .
tr	PAST	Those words tickled my stomach .
tr	PAST	 As a matter of fact , Your Lordship ... ... ... "" Began the Inspector nodding his head ."
tr	PAST	And , of course , neither guy measured up to Adrian .
te	PAST	She eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	Cigarette Boy elbowed his friend in the ribs .
tr	PAST	His face emerged on the other side of the glass window with a cunning grin .
te	PAST	Nick shuffled some files , trying to keep himself busy .
tr	PAST	For the first time in so long , Ion re experienced the beauty of his sleep .
tr	PAST	Hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at Marcy , but there was also a spark of anger in her gaze .
tr	PAST	Albert spotted Elizabeth in three pictures .
tr	PAST	The universe exploded With its kiss .
tr	PAST	Cain sped up , anxious to have that blood burned away before full dark fell .
tr	PAST	I doubted he had ever been there either .
tr	PAST	Lydia 's rocking slowed and the warm tea in her hands grew cold as she settled into that feeling of bringing the presence into her space .
tr	PAST	Pearl slapped her hand on her knee .
tr	PAST	Just as she wondered if she 'd finally managed to offend him , his voice plunged into the darkest reaches of temptation .
tr	PAST	The Officer stated Rhodes ' behavior was sufficiently contentious to ask him to move to the sidewalk , away from the car .
tr	PAST	The sensation transferred relief to the Spider .
tr	PAST	He propped his elbows on the podium and motioned for Chase to begin .
tr	PAST	Amalia bore the distinct resemblance of Pharaoh saying no to Moses .
tr	PAST	 As long as I 've been in this house , there has been no love here ,  Mrs. K announced .
va	PAST	The horizontal axis represented the time base .
te	PAST	Chapter Nineteen Pagan Black chiffon floated above my head as I opened my eyes .
tr	PAST	Nash included , and despite the gnawing ache and ever-present anger , he couldn 't stop his love for the man from pushing through .
tr	PAST	His Cabinet lackeys just grunted and nodded their heads .
tr	PAST	"Thomas grimaced , gave me a hesitant glance , and then said , "" We 've got several . """
tr	PAST	When her pulsations finally stopped , he slowed his thrusts .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled my face and I sighed in exasperation when he put , what felt like , way too much distance between him and myself .
tr	PAST	Presently , Thomas ' voice intruded on her consciousness .
tr	PAST	Crossing her legs , Jane toyed with a ballpoint pen .
te	PAST	I observed several teachers patrolling the perimeter .
tr	PAST	Her vision wavered and losing her balance she tipped backward as the world exploded into a brilliant flash of consuming pain .
tr	PAST	Iona flicked her tongue over his nipple , liking how it tightened under her attention .
te	PAST	He rounded the far corner , Mary Ann close to his heels .
tr	PAST	I recalled the first time I had spent time with Gavin .
tr	PAST	Noah plopped down into the snow and lay back beside her .
tr	PAST	Renna flattened herself against the building across the street .
tr	PAST	"Maynard hollered back , "" I expect no quarter from you , nor shall I give any . """
va	PAST	Once inside , the man spouted off a few more sentences in Spanish .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a deep breath and forced himself to meet her vexed gaze .
tr	PAST	 It 's okay ,  she reassured him .
tr	PAST	Iain commanded his muscles to move , but they all stayed locked in place , rigid and unyielding .
tr	PAST	 Jesus ,  I mumbled , suddenly trembling enough to shake the book in my hands .
tr	PAST	Out front , a village cart tottered precariously on three wheels .
tr	PAST	Thibault donned the rain suit and a pair of boots , then pushed open the screen door .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the dress draped across Elora 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	" I was so tired , I feared I might fall asleep in the tub .
tr	PAST	Marika must have sensed Jake 's presence .
tr	PRES	 Or witch laws . """
tr	PAST	In battles , it proved to be an invaluable tool to have .
tr	PAST	A warm laugh caressed the air between them .
tr	PAST	Adrian produced a silver flask from his suit jacket 's inner pocket and handed it toward me .
tr	PAST	Behind me , Mother drapes something across my neck .
tr	PAST	Deckard mulled over the information that he had acquired , and incomplete was the word .
tr	PAST	In it Sir Galahad was given a sword and also a shield , both shrouded in mystery and magic .
tr	PAST	Harpies dove at her , shades of darkness against the shattered windshield .
tr	PAST	For good measure , and to keep sharp , Rick and Fabrizio hooked up on a long post with three minutes on the clock .
tr	PAST	I blushed as I noticed the stares of those all around us , and my heart stilled at the tenderness in his voice .
tr	PAST	A moment later , the beaded curtain separating the living room from the kitchen rustled , and Howie stepped through .
tr	PAST	All of them looking as terrified as he felt , running , all eyes riveted to their goal , now just a short distance away .
tr	PAST	John announced , gesturing to Clyde .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself on the tree limb and listened intently for any more noise .
tr	PAST	" True ... Plus , I messed around with him freshman year .
tr	PAST	Reyes 's body jolted and Lucien 's head was thrown back .
tr	PAST	When Clay saw it sitting majestically on the ramp at Reagan National , his heart leaped and his pulse took off .
tr	PAST	He transferred his mouth to her throat while he undid the hooks on the back of her bodice .
tr	PRES	Considering the state and style of the decor , I assume it was furnished forty years ago .
tr	PRES	 Pretty unlike you to have such a low balance ."
tr	PAST	She giggled that enchanting girlish sound .
tr	PAST	The man stares back , but with less conviction than he had two seconds ago .
tr	PAST	He , of course , never lounged in bed once the sun hit the horizon .
tr	PAST	He tugged on the ropes one last time .
tr	PAST	"I trusted you to finish them both off . """
tr	PAST	The Countess bore a number of smaller , lighter marks , souvenirs of the battle with the former High Lady of Aquitaine .
tr	PAST	She sped up , leaping over a bent piece of metal , then dodging a piece of burning timber .
tr	PAST	Apparently annoyed by the assault , the vicious flower charged toward Zoe .
tr	PAST	But before Jonas completed it , I freed John and turned this apartment into a sanctum .
tr	PAST	Her fingers hooked onto Hugh 's vest , gripped , hauled .
va	PAST	 I can 't call you Angel anymore ,  Boone stated sadly .
tr	PAST	She hissed under her breath .
tr	PAST	The glow dimmed when she repeated the highlights from the private talk she and Felix had had .
tr	PAST	Back on the ground , I dusted off my hands on my pants .
tr	PAST	The captain grimaced at the image .
tr	PAST	For some reason , it bothered him that she could forget his presence so easily .
tr	PAST	"You and Tammy abandoned me when I needed you most . """
te	PAST	Sometimes interpreted to suggest marriage .
tr	PAST	The line between Benji 's eyebrows deepened .
tr	PAST	Her body moving restlessly , she inched toward him until she was rubbing against him , her body plastered against his entire front .
tr	PAST	I selfishly cringed but quickly scolded myself .
tr	PAST	The plummet slowed , then stopped .
te	PAST	Her soul eased as they followed the quiet road through the woods .
tr	PAST	When the boats were almost afloat the children scrambled into them .
tr	PAST	She subsided , not liking the pallor on his tanned face .
tr	PAST	She loudly proclaimed her motive was money for marrying him .
tr	PAST	" And so I journeyed from India to Egypt , which to me has always been a hateful place .
te	PRES	Beth walks up beside me .
te	PRES	 Uhhh , "" I said , unsure what to do ."
te	PAST	I halted my footsteps and flipped around .
tr	PAST	He crouched down and stared at the stone floor .
tr	PAST	His words jolted her .
tr	PAST	Damn it , he trusted Neil .
tr	PAST	 Please ,  I urged , wincing at how desperate I sounded .
va	PAST	" I battled Smaug last night in my backyard .
tr	PAST	Carol dialed the number for Tri-County 's  doc on call "" and asked for the doctor to be paged ."
tr	PAST	He committed suicide last week . '
tr	PAST	"The only time that you can do something for me , for your people , you shove it back in my face ! """
tr	PAST	A better girl than I deserved .
tr	PAST	The music of the waltz invaded his fevered dreams .
tr	PAST	I circled the cabin with my bat in hand looking for any signs of their whereabouts .
tr	PAST	He hopped out the truck and dug into his pocket .
va	PAST	The bleeding stranger pinched her brows , trying to read Kylie 's pattern .
tr	PAST	 It was a bluff ,  I stated .
te	PAST	That our kiss was fake , dreamed up by my desperate imagination .
tr	PAST	Whether she admitted it to herself or not , a connection existed between them .
tr	PAST	He hopped to a spot right over the building , turning to mist before he became visible .
tr	PAST	Constance motioned to Grace .
tr	PAST	The sleigh sped on .
tr	PAST	" I never trusted him .
tr	PAST	Douglas motioned for Margo to go first but she refused to go anywhere .
tr	PRES	It changes our eyes , our ears , our brains , our nerves , our blood .
tr	PAST	I limped to the door .
tr	PRES	Her lips part and she draws in a surprised little gasp of air .
tr	PRES	 With Bryce ? """
tr	PAST	She sniffed , tucking her crimson bangs behind her ears .
te	PAST	She exited his office , intending to go to her own office and get her coat and purse .
tr	PAST	She shuffled the papers again , lost in some private thought .
tr	PAST	She fanned her face with a small napkin .
tr	PAST	He bellowed with fury as the force of his pyro rolled over him and around him .
tr	PAST	And when she 'd tried to remove it , he 'd panicked and struck her .
tr	PAST	Megan inhaled the refreshing coolness , it felt so good , intoxicating , a promise of life .
tr	PAST	I flung open her hope chest , searching for her high school yearbook .
tr	PAST	Shaun swapped a quick look with Dean and turned back to the brown haired boy .
tr	PAST	Internally , I cringed .
tr	PAST	I sprang to my feet and swung , hitting him hard upside the head with the metal bedpan .
tr	PAST	A chill washed over me .
va	PAST	She was beautiful , crouched there , determination in the set of her chin and shoulders .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hand over Ellen Rose mouth .
tr	PAST	The heart glowed an instant and then dissolved .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes watered , and she stared at me .
tr	PAST	I toyed with the idea of telling Ricky about Cowboy and Hank , but decided to wait until he came home .
tr	PAST	 Put it on speaker ,  Nate instructed .
tr	PAST	Shaking his head , Jeremy persisted .
tr	PAST	She giggled to herself .
tr	PAST	They emerged into an unkempt back garden , hardly more than a paved square with some bins and a short washing line .
tr	PAST	"Ally giggled , "" Some of the guys , but definitely not Jonah ."
tr	PAST	After a moment , he regained his composure .
tr	PAST	He stroked the underside of my breasts , the swell of my rear , his thumb rode the curve of my hip .
va	PAST	Now not even the technicians featured on the Discovery Channel could find any blood traces in the scorched room .
va	PAST	Not long after Lewis finished his lengthy conversation with Innocent , their captors barged in .
te	PAST	He grunted , rolled over and lay still .
tr	PAST	Ariella very much doubted that it would be fun .
tr	PAST	Sighing , he reluctantly withdrew from the only woman he 'd most likely ever know .
tr	PAST	I feared that perhaps it was .
tr	PAST	In places it split light into small , miniature rainbows ; in places , it painted a Teflon coat that glistened .
tr	PAST	" What about resistance to the strain ?
tr	PRES	A small titter of laughter streams from behind then an applause .
tr	PAST	That bothered me from the start .
tr	PAST	She jiggled the door again but it wouldn 't budge .
tr	PAST	But Yeshua himself provoked a riot in the Temple .
tr	PAST	Neither one of them ever remarried .
tr	PAST	Was it the same with the agent you eliminated ? "
tr	PAST	When they 'd finished their meal , Linda served the pie she 'd baked , which was just about the best thing Sophia had ever tasted .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head and he kissed the tip of my nose .
tr	PAST	 Good ,  he rumbled , leaning down and burying his face in the crook of her neck in a surprisingly tender move .
tr	PAST	He motioned her in , then turned back to his conversation .
tr	PAST	She slapped George Hawley 's cheek .
tr	PAST	Kane awoke to Alma 's gentle touch .
tr	PAST	Huge sturdy beams supported the roof .
tr	PAST	Jeff 's deep blue eyes brightened ; apparently the refusal didn 't trouble him .
tr	PAST	She hopped off her stool and hurried upstairs with her bowl of ice cream .
tr	PAST	No , it required injection .
tr	PAST	Rather than feeling fear , she glowed against that darkness with the blaze of her own light , with the heat of her body .
tr	PAST	They tugged and pulled until Keith looked up and noticed a pipe running along the ceiling .
tr	PAST	I stiffened automatically in his embrace , and turned to look back at him smiling softly at me .
tr	PAST	I sobered a bit when I thought about what we were going to have to go through while we were down there .
tr	PAST	He sobbed in pain .
tr	PAST	She bounced her in her arms and the cries began to quiet .
tr	PAST	"He eyed me up and down for a moment before he finally asked , "" You say you 're from America ? """
tr	PAST	The chill in the night air swirled my words around in a white mist .
va	PAST	 Sit ,  I scooted at the edge of the bed and patted a small space for him to sit .
tr	PAST	Carol leaped back , her eyes startled , her breathing harsh and uneven .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat when I realized that I 'm in the middle of a Sea of Red Balloons .
tr	PAST	Barbara withdrew a fraction of an inch and smiled again in her most winning manner .
tr	PAST	He looked down at her , his eyes shadowed in the artificial light .
tr	PAST	He cocked a challenging eyebrow at her .
tr	PAST	Callum 's easy , relaxed tone unsettled the human .
tr	PAST	Byron glided silently through the wide , marbled halls , down the sweeping staircase to inspect the damage near Don Giovanni 's private room .
va	PAST	She chewed her lip .
tr	PAST	Simon swooped into the massive tent , bringing a gasp from the only real stranger in the space .
tr	PAST	He dove under , his broad , powerful back skimming just under the surface .
tr	PAST	Swinging into the driver 's seat , I gripped the joystick , elevated the truck and it hovered over towards the third shelf .
tr	PAST	She posed the question silently : Why should I stay here with Reyes ?
te	PAST	She twirled the glass , then raised it to her nose and inhaled .
tr	PAST	Pearl tugged against the chains , but there was no escaping bonds made of silver .
te	PAST	She squinted through the sun , so bright and hot on this late May day .
tr	PAST	Hades strolled up to me and clasped my cheeks .
tr	PAST	I actually crawled into the other room .
tr	PAST	"Sandeep intervened , "" I will show mine ; you go and do what you need to . """
tr	PAST	I shrieked , not even willing to put up with her wrath tonight .
tr	PAST	 Honesty is good , but good is overrated ,  Dex lectured .
tr	PAST	She crawled through her doorway , flicked her fin , and slammed the door shut .
tr	PAST	I skipped away before I broke down completely .
tr	PAST	The irritation in Shane 's gut exploded into all-out anger and he couldn 't figure out why .
tr	PAST	 Man crap ,  as Nana described it .
tr	PAST	Even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power , but the results were equally powerful .
tr	PAST	 Victor -  With a firm motion he thrust her back and turned to place himself between her and the approaching danger .
te	PAST	The one he was standing on rotated forward and up while the branch in front moved backward for him to step on .
tr	PAST	My wound still bled and the pain was nearly as bad as what the ring had caused .
va	PAST	The thought persisted at the back of her mind , a twinge of guilt which not even her grief for Kirsty could dispel .
tr	PAST	I text this to Gavin .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer and looked into his eyes .
tr	PAST	She grimaced at her neighbors , expending all her restraint on not thumping the huge lout .
tr	PAST	He slashed a wound in his chest , cradled her head to him , and commanded her to drink .
tr	PAST	Dangerous toughs lounged on the street corners .
va	PAST	He trailed his lips over her breast and pulled one erect nipple into his mouth .
tr	PAST	 Dara , stop drinking from her water fountain ,  Scarlet urged , thumbing in Crimson 's direction .
tr	PAST	 Really , that 's awesome ,  Josh exclaimed in a gasp of breath .
tr	PAST	It smashed into the bedroom door , punching a gaping hole in it .
tr	PAST	Weldon boomed before walking over and wrapping me in a bear hug , which aggravated Gavin .
va	PAST	"But instead he mumbled "" No problem "" and took the drumsticks from him as he passed ."
te	PAST	He lands on the bed and braces himself up on his elbows .
tr	PAST	 He just caved ? 
tr	PAST	"Not right away , of course ... "" Sarah faltered ."
tr	PAST	 I claimed them . 
tr	PAST	 Melanie ,  he cheered .
tr	PAST	When I finally had it in position I flicked on the light switch and looked into the hooded eyepiece .
tr	PAST	Yuri motioned for one of the camera men to come over .
tr	PAST	Josef thanked them and left .
tr	PAST	They resumed their journey to Nelson .
tr	PAST	My moans pitched higher until the rabid sounds that hung on the air around us were unfamiliar .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through her hair .
tr	PAST	Jo steered the girl out the door and helped her settle into her car .
tr	PAST	Roberts pretended to be hurt , but I could tell he was putting on .
tr	PAST	An uneasy smile wavered on his mouth .
te	PAST	She bounced up from the computer desk and started toward the door .
tr	PAST	She trod on air , and all things pleasant seemed possible .
te	PAST	He plunged his hands in his pockets and gave the closed door a longing glance before he turned and walked to the barn .
te	PAST	I padded down the stairs as softly as I could , found my sneakers and put them on .
tr	PAST	At this the woman collapsed into sobbing , and it was all Toby could do to try and hold her and keep her upright .
te	PAST	But back to the more pressing questions for the moment , something that seemed all the more urgent with his hands curved to her bottom .
tr	PAST	 You don 't write fast enough ,  another woman complained .
va	PAST	She tumbled toward the ground and struck hard on her feet , sticking the landing at first .
tr	PAST	I butt dialed her while we were talkin ' yesterday .
tr	PAST	No wonder al those sil y cheerleaders swoon over him regardless of the fact that he 's as big as a sumo wrestler .
tr	PAST	A monolith required a pair ... not a lone one .
va	PAST	But a bikini swimsuit revealed more .
tr	PAST	Grabbing both of Running Deer 's arms they tie him up with a rope .
tr	PAST	They scrambled up the hill and dove into Aria 's car just as the ambulance appeared on the ridge .
tr	PAST	 How about an omelet . 
va	PAST	Traffic on the interstate buzzed along at a steady pace , and they soon hit the Valkyrie exit .
tr	PAST	Behind me , a loud banging sound boomed through the room , and I tensed , spinning on my heel .
tr	PAST	He never quit , and his honesty in the circle was dead-on .
te	PAST	Iseo riveted her attention on the midwife .
tr	PAST	Maybe some escaped , but I wasn 't in the mood to be thorough .
va	PAST	As she started to button her blouse , covering the sweet swells lifted by the pink bra , he inched closer to her .
tr	PAST	The branches of a wild raspberry bush screeched against the side of the car .
te	PAST	He sobbed again , and wiped the tears away from his face with his sleeve .
tr	PAST	This time , too , she extended her hand toward the small envelope he still held tucked between his index and middle fingers .
tr	PAST	Humans and animals glowed a soft color her father had once called red .
tr	PAST	Then he sighted some cabs and thought he would stay a night in a hotel , until he decided what to do .
tr	PAST	Sarah stiffened as the girl 's other hand dug into her upper arm .
tr	PAST	She only braced herself , ignoring his leer , as the vehicle left the clearing and rumbled along its track under a canopy of living green .
te	PAST	His jacket flapped behind him .
tr	PAST	For all others , the news bore grim tidings .
tr	PAST	Thread unraveled , splitting at the ends , and then the twine broke .
te	PAST	He winked at her and was gone .
tr	PAST	' My lords -- ' ' Your lords , ' she said , ' are allowed to think they have Titan under their command .
te	PAST	So we pretended to be things we weren 't .
tr	PAST	I slowed and stopped at the bottom of the steps .
va	PAST	She moaned as her entire body tightened .
tr	PAST	He eyed me over with his golden eyes .
tr	PAST	I eventually lightened up , laughed at my stupidity and went back to dancing fully .
te	PAST	He turned back to me , the anger fading from his eyes as he beheld me .
tr	PAST	She uttered a snarl of anger that would have done credit to a caveman splitting the skull of an enemy .
tr	PAST	The liquid immediately soaked through my torn shirt and jeans , seeping in through the pores in my skin .
va	PAST	Leaning down , she stroked the cats .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her cheeks with the back of her hand .
va	PAST	We toasted our little friend and returned to the house .
tr	PAST	"I would 've never risked your baby 's life if I had . """
tr	PAST	As he spoke , everything pitched slightly , including John himself .
te	PAST	 I will lead your men to battle and you will win ,  Saul stated , categorically .
tr	PAST	At the corner , I crouched and peeked in the direction the shadow had gone .
tr	PAST	Yes , he minded , but that was a Warlord Prince 's instinctive possessiveness talking .
tr	PAST	"Hephaestus and Ares leaped to their feet , but Zeus waved his hand , warding them off me . """
tr	PAST	Instead of defending the king from Nimrod , the champion of the Amorites challenged the king for his throne .
tr	PAST	Beside him , Varg 's chest rumbled with another , quietly furious growl .
va	PAST	I thanked him , then pulled out my phone and walked away .
tr	PAST	Deckard Blaine always tipped very well and seemed to have sway with the VIPs in the small city .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand and leaned back .
va	PAST	They crawled back up .
tr	PAST	Bradley doubted that they could pull themselves along the outside of the structure since there were no ladders or hand holds .
tr	PAST	Meredith squinted , worried about the sun .
tr	PAST	' We meet at Meatball 's house tomorrow , ' he instructed .
te	PAST	He withdrew , lying back down but not touching her .
tr	PAST	While he was speaking Messenger translated briefly .
tr	PAST	Mary cocked her head to one side as she studied Sakura 's chest .
te	PAST	Something from memory lane here for sure .
tr	PAST	Pleased with herself , Carolyn giggled .
te	PAST	My thoughts swirled around my feelings for Gavin .
tr	PAST	He soaked the cloth down with alcohol and wiped the cloth on the area around the two holes .
tr	PAST	A gun cocked , and Jake was scared for his life .
tr	PAST	Pressing two fingers to her neck , he prayed for a pulse ... And found one .
tr	PAST	Damien sniffed the air , swiveling his head .
tr	PAST	Michaelmas daisies bloomed on either side of the path , and the ornamental trees were just beginning to turn color .
tr	PAST	Our ancestors invented it long ago .
tr	PAST	As we got closer , I tensed up .
tr	PAST	My glyphs swirled , changing patterns and forming new ones .
tr	PAST	Zach circled around in front of her and studied her face .
tr	PAST	The watch glowed a dark red colour , and suddenly his right hand glowed as well .
tr	PAST	 Hey , Chelsea ,  Marcy greeted her .
te	PAST	A pang of shame jabbed him , but he ignored it .
tr	PAST	She quieted a dubious laugh .
tr	PAST	"Promise me , Hope , before I lose my mind , "" he rasped against her neck ."
te	PAST	"Rich , oh , Rich , "" she sobbed joyfully ."
tr	PAST	Our assailant 's head smacked against the step with a thud and he slid back down the steps , befuddled .
tr	PAST	She 's lying face-up , her long neck exposed .
tr	PAST	She unwound the bandage from the hand that Dr. Reinhardt had previously sliced open ; it was almost healed .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked his shirt , causing the fabric to stick to him .
tr	PAST	As his mouth moved on hers , she hooked her fingers around the waistband of his sweatpants and tugged at the drawstring .
tr	PAST	Along the march to Civic we eyed girls but rarely made successful contact .
tr	PAST	Jo related what Mrs. G had told her and Mitch left to speak with her directly .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and raked his hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	Sulley exited the office and began to rummage through a pile of hand-written messages on a nearby desk before he caught sight of me .
tr	PAST	Now Aly 's mother , Karen Moore , clung to me as if she 'd just witnessed a resurrection of the dead .
tr	PAST	"Shelly perked up , "" Oh yeah ; now you 're talking ! """
tr	PAST	 I thought those monsters had gotten it ,  he exclaimed .
tr	PAST	My fingers tensed into my throne .
tr	PAST	Without warning , alarms shrieked throughout the buildings .
te	PAST	Tucker collected the others , paid Vadim , then herded everyone onto the other boat .
tr	PAST	The dragon swooped down , orbiting the castle and descended lower for his summoner .
tr	PAST	That matched what had taken place .
tr	PAST	He dove to the side , toward the doorway .
tr	PAST	Pate fired the weapon .
te	PAST	 The hell he isn 't ,  Gavin countered .
tr	PAST	I scrolled to Matteo 's number , and , since I could never use him for a ride again , especially now , I deleted it .
tr	PAST	His eyebrows creep up his face before he looks back up at me .
tr	PAST	"Harrington described it more ostentatiously , as the key to opening Hell 's gate . """
tr	PAST	Cara stated the obvious as we settled into our seats in the bleachers .
tr	PAST	Marcus 's lips , known widely for their ability to charm women breathless , curved in blatant anticipation .
tr	PAST	The planning resumed later in the afternoon , and it did include five bedrooms and seven bathrooms , although Ryan could not be specific as to why .
tr	PAST	I appealed to Dec for support , but he bolted to the kitchen to feed Domino .
tr	PAST	 Aren 't we just torturing ourselves ? 
te	PAST	 I had an entourage , of course ,  he lied .
va	PAST	Madeline slowed her pace .
tr	PAST	It had changed slightly , and its eyes were filled with yellow shine , its hooves edged in gold .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed her back .
tr	PAST	"She hooked me up . """
tr	PAST	 I knew I knew him ,  John stated while looking the man over .
tr	PAST	Noah lounged on a love seat by a coffee table laden with magazines .
tr	PAST	I ... I overheard Duncan saying he was targeting organs .
tr	PAST	I aired it for ten minutes and then decided to iron it .
tr	PAST	 Well Cody , you 're in a cave ,  Tom smirked .
tr	PAST	The rising sun painted broad strokes of ochre and crimson across the horizon and splashed the clouds with glowing shades of pink .
tr	PAST	Monty tipped his head toward the door .
te	PAST	She mentally slapped her own wrist for taking her frustration out on a patient .
tr	PAST	"Chin attempted to defend his reputation , "" What about my extension to the art gallery in Cordoba . """
tr	PAST	Catcher snorted and closed his book , then slid back in his chair and linked his hands behind his head .
tr	PAST	They only nuzzled and gave soft hisses of breath .
va	PAST	Laura glided out of the door in front of him .
tr	PAST	He flicked the blade open and shoved it straight into Pam 's leg .
va	PAST	And one of the women bore upon her shoulder the remains of a huge gray wolf .
tr	PAST	"He can 't help you , "" a deep voice snarled from above her ."
tr	PAST	When I couldn 't reach Raja , I hacked the security cameras on the street .
tr	PAST	"They approved his sincerity , his repentance ; and no doubt there were the donations to smooth the way . """
tr	PAST	He cups my face in his hands , and gives me a quick kiss .
tr	PAST	 My brother 's visiting ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	Garn noted that her eyes had begun to swell up from the chill winds .
tr	PAST	I phoned as soon as I picked up your message .
tr	PAST	Pushing aside the depressing thought , she dialed the number .
tr	PAST	Saul lingered alone before the threshold awhile before reasoning away his caution .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to kick the door down , but when he did , we all saw something we never expected .
tr	PAST	With a groan , he rammed into her one final time as he too reached his release .
va	PAST	 It 's a possibility ,  she joked .
tr	PAST	Judging by the rapid appearance and freshness of the foodstuffs , the staff approved of this maneuver .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , the phone intruded .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes flicked to one side , and he tilted his head slightly , baring his throat .
tr	PAST	One evening as the summer waned toward a conclusion so exploded the days of my new found joy .
tr	PAST	Numerous slanting roof lines provided dozens of opportunities to hit your head on a sloping ceiling .
tr	PAST	 Positive ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	Danny catching his eye privately mouthed , ' She 's breath-taking . '
tr	PAST	He raked their audience with a sweeping glance .
tr	PAST	They proceeded inside and found Gaius Attis waiting for them .
va	PAST	The pain filled scream stirred the crowd as they shouted for more bloodshed .
tr	PAST	Her passage stirred the feasting crows and ravens , chasing them up into great black clouds in her wake .
tr	PAST	 Yeah ,  someone else chided .
tr	PAST	When he was done , he positioned her properly in the bed and tucked the heavy furs around her .
tr	PAST	Late into the night , Sara awoke in her own bed .
tr	PAST	 Yeah , ' this old outfit ' ,  Rusty says , glancing left and right then taking another small step closer to me .
te	PAST	Jaxon treated her distress as she would any other discomfort she might experience in the midst of a mission .
tr	PAST	She received the comb , looked at the card , and then went inside the little home she shared .
tr	PAST	Beyond the river  not far beyond mind you  the road divides .
tr	PAST	"I fixed his mistakes . """
te	PAST	She feared she would never get enough of his pleasure .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOUR Brand awoke to a hard kick and a sword point pressed against his neck .
tr	PAST	She quickly averted her gaze from the double bed covered in a blue spread .
tr	PAST	"Shut the door on them for good , "" I urged , trying not to sound panicked ."
va	PAST	Melanie gritted her teeth and gripped Sloane 's hand as the pain ripped through her body .
tr	PAST	Margaret 's phone then buzzed in her hand .
tr	PAST	The metal shielding acted as a Faraday cage , protecting the batteries and equipment from electromagnetic radiation caused by a thermonuclear explosion .
va	PAST	The reassuring weight of her longsword on her left hip tugged gently at her ; she took in a deep breath .
te	PAST	Arik countered with his own argument .
tr	PAST	They probably sought to get in one more game before heading home for their dinners .
tr	PAST	Clayton terminated the call .
tr	PAST	He crawled off into the darkness , leaving me behind .
va	PAST	Those words spurred me on even more .
tr	PAST	It churned his stomach .
va	PAST	 Must be tough to be King ,  I pretended to take an equally long drink .
tr	PAST	In the center was the donations box covered in kitty cat wrapping paper and above it featured the poster board showing many of the adoptable felines .
tr	PAST	Bones shattered under the force .
tr	PAST	He bowed low before the Dragon Lord .
tr	PAST	The cat shuffled in her arms , trying to free himself and continue his very frustrating hunting of the wind .
tr	PAST	She dug through her bag and pulled it out .
tr	PAST	 We 'll be staying here for now ,  Julian announced .
tr	PAST	They fanned out between the barricade and the airship , and fired at the cruiser .
tr	PAST	Even more , I sensed that I had kept it livable .
tr	PAST	 You assent to my arrangement , then ? 
tr	PAST	 Charlie ,  I mumbled , trying to shake off the stupor .
tr	PAST	Maddie 's shriek trailed off and the toddler threw herself at Ava as soon as she reached the bed .
tr	PAST	 I want it to work ; therefore it will ,  he stated firmly .
tr	PAST	 See you later , Freak ,  she hissed at me , and then she turned and left .
va	PAST	I clutched my stomach .
tr	PAST	He quit the pain pills so he could think and try to run the office by phone and e-mail .
tr	PAST	He stripped her of her dress .
tr	PAST	 That means nothing ,  Garrett chided .
tr	PAST	Startled , I whipped my attention to the side .
tr	PAST	But the sound of my name -- first , middle and last -- jolted me straight out of my reverie .
tr	PAST	Marcus transformed and stood his ground .
tr	PAST	It always bothered me that any suitably large area of grass can be called a park .
tr	PAST	As I neared the property , I sensed that something was wrong .
tr	PAST	pleaded Dead Meat , holding up his hands in defense .
tr	PAST	 Come on , G-Man ,  Deuce grunted as he shook his brother harder .
tr	PAST	Her neck tensed with the effort to get those last few words out .
tr	PAST	I flung the stem in my hand into the creek behind my house .
tr	PAST	Stella scooted down the wall till she was backed up against the sink .
tr	PAST	Roman stormed up the stairs and entered Chase 's office without knocking .
tr	PAST	He rings me most days but he 's not nearly so flirty since London . '
te	PAST	Waves crashed like a frenzied heartbeat and Melinda looked ... pissed .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	He went to the curtain , pulled it aside , and saw the white long-haired cat stretched out , face nuzzled against the warm windowsill .
tr	PAST	Depression washed through me .
tr	PAST	No one doubted the source .
tr	PAST	Grabbing her purse , she hopped out and hurried into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Running for the door , Josh charged into the cold night air to find his brand-new Ford Excursion engulfed in flames .
tr	PAST	"Man ... can he eat . """
va	PAST	And that required some drastic measures .
tr	PAST	Another sixty seconds crawled by like a glacier creeping down a valley .
tr	PAST	His system proved very useful and slowly it evolved as their need for secret funds grew .
tr	PAST	I stormed off into the parlor .
tr	PAST	He slowed down , but gave no indication that he planned on pulling over , so I decided to wait for the next stoplight .
tr	PAST	A dim feeling of claustrophobia surfaced at the edge of my consciousness : my view was limited to the ceiling and the sidewall of the vehicle .
tr	PAST	Hutch stiffened , almost as if he knew what was coming - although he couldn 't possibly .
tr	PAST	He sighted down the hallway with the Maglite beam and saw an open bathroom door at the far end .
tr	PAST	 Brother Bartholomew , will you escort Sister Rachel to the front , where she will receive the robes of righteousness ? 
tr	PAST	Once the hostess heard Donnie 's request for a bottle of wine , she ambled away .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
va	PAST	After showing her my investigator 's license , I produced the contact lenses and asked if she 'd made them for Letitia .
tr	PAST	She clutched at the sheet again and peered at him , distress on her face .
tr	PAST	Not all of them trembled .
tr	PAST	Ethan circled the Mercedes around the drive and pulled into a small parking area beside the house .
tr	PAST	The sounds only echoed lightly and momentarily .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself at the last second .
tr	PAST	She scooted out of Hal 's mind as fast as she was able to and flung herself recklessly across the open expanses of the mental stream .
tr	PAST	The evidence piled against the sleeping girl .
tr	PAST	It proved she was okay .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , listening .
te	PAST	Doc 's voice stomped all over my peace of mind .
tr	PAST	Cale cocked a brow and let his gaze sweep over her .
tr	PAST	First looking at her watch and then at Rita , Julie remarked .
tr	PAST	' Has Jennifer ever received mail from them ? '
tr	PAST	" What kind of -  "" I demand a retraction , "" he stated without letting her finish ."
te	PAST	A shorter figure shuffled over to join Kennedy , no doubt suffering from a sprain after so many weeks in zero gravity .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	 You recorded the meeting ? 
tr	PAST	A loud crash suddenly echoed through the room .
tr	PAST	 I can see them any time ,  Ty countered .
tr	PAST	The professor produced his wand from a sleeve of his robe .
tr	PAST	I motioned between them , because words were useless when it came to describing their obvious connection .
tr	PAST	He wavered for just a second before the weakness passed and he smiled .
tr	PAST	The elevator jolted to a stop .
tr	PAST	Deb stomped back towards Sean and Mitch .
te	PAST	His eyes matched his hair .
te	PAST	Scott threaded the other shoe but left the laces untied and dangling .
va	PAST	 I 'm glad Zac let you come to school today ,  joked Xavier .
tr	PAST	He produced a crumpled comic , pushed my coffee cup to one side and put the comic in front of me .
tr	PAST	I whimpered at the sight of it , wanting him .
tr	PAST	"She executed , in mind , a "" whim "" ."
tr	PAST	Einstein growled at sight of him , his teeth bared , his nose quivering at the window I 'd left cracked in the backseat .
va	PAST	She inhaled the fragrant steam .
tr	PAST	The glass shattered ; everything flew out of the ruptured silver case .
tr	PAST	He nibbled at her bottom lip , coaxing her to open for him .
tr	PAST	 And for the next two ,  I chimed in .
tr	PAST	Serge limped across his office to discover he had hurled a heavy ashtray into the bar and broken the crystal decanters of liquor .
tr	PAST	He bribed Judge Fawcett with $ 500,000 to save his nephew , and the judge screwed him .
tr	PAST	Shadows lurched and crawled and slithered , piling one atop the other , likely drawn by the blood of the injured inside .
tr	PAST	I stiffened at the thought .
te	PAST	Marius mumbled to himself from the pilot 's seat and reached up to flip a red switch that blinked quickly .
tr	PAST	It exploded like an unwound dandelion , silent as starlight , searing as a supernova .
tr	PAST	A swell of dust arose .
tr	PAST	A dozen dogs still pursued them .
tr	PAST	"Reece fanned the pages with her fingers , "" You could call it that ."
tr	PAST	He even supported Aria applying to the Rhode Island School of Design instead of to Duke , where he 'd already gotten a lacrosse scholarship .
tr	PAST	Before she could speak he whisked her back to his office where he pulled a piece of paper off the printer .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on her bed fully clothed , a mass of tremors .
tr	PAST	"The night it rained so much ? """
tr	PAST	Her voice deepened into a growl that rolled right over them .
va	PAST	First , we descended from Hermes , and decelerated our orbital velocity so we could start falling properly .
tr	PAST	The team recruited only when it needed to , which meant he could be an agent for years before they held tryouts again .
te	PAST	Carefully , Finn crouched in front of the lock , listening for any voices or movement .
te	PAST	I doubted they 'd mounted rocket launchers on the roofs , so I didn 't take him at his word .
va	PAST	She served neighboring tables , pausing to talk at some , flirt at others , and avoid wandering hands as she worked .
te	PAST	She slapped his shoulder .
va	PAST	They drank and giggled while Sara went about her morning duties .
tr	PAST	Sara sobbed as they entered .
tr	PAST	Turns out my experience qualified me for a Florida P. I. license .
tr	PAST	Zach protected his privacy .
tr	PAST	"Something you would have thanked me for if she 'd gone missing . """
te	PAST	The tropical storm upgraded and turned South last night .
va	PAST	" I want to have kids someday , remember that , Mo.  "" Can 't make any promises , "" I sang ."
tr	PAST	"Hands fisted at his side , he demanded , "" Who the hell are you , anyway ? """
tr	PAST	" That I messed up again .
tr	PRES	 Don 't say no , "" Alex said , his voice husky ."
va	PAST	At first he chalked it up to her pregnancy .
tr	PAST	Noel marveled at the ' buzz saw ' action as the gun capable of over 1200 rounds per minute cleared an area of live men .
tr	PAST	Once they hit the ground , they exploded sending metal shrapnel into the air .
tr	PAST	Dax 's smile bore a still somber note .
tr	PAST	The acrid stench assailed the slave girls ' nostrils and they all began whining and yelling .
tr	PAST	Utterly flustered , I faltered ; whatever response I had been about to verbalize died in my throat .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and increased the pressure on the windpipe .
tr	PAST	Gracie almost panicked when she heard the knock on the door ; however , she answered it herself .
va	PAST	Chelle greeted me the moment I walked through the door .
va	PAST	That night , after Kelly was asleep again , Mike crept into the den and sank onto his knees beside the couch .
tr	PAST	The smaller guy bounced off Chad like dry peas from the wall .
tr	PAST	Her vision flared brightly , then collapsed into a black hole , dragging her consciousness away with it .
tr	PAST	 Yep ,  Avalon barely acknowledged me before making his exit .
tr	PAST	I crawled under the covers , waiting for my eyes to adjust and having the strange idea that Cassidy could see me just fine in complete blackness .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked back to Dennis , who was still wracking his brain in an attempt to find conversational topics .
va	PAST	As her dad stepped aside , her brothers sandwiched her into the tightest hug .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , knowing that it would annoy him to no end .
tr	PAST	Nick inhaled a pungent tang , but his befuddled mind failed to register its source until the bite of the horse liniment hit his shoulders .
tr	PAST	She giggled at his outraged expression .
tr	PAST	Emma fiddled with the strap on her bag .
tr	PAST	What if she got invested ?
te	PAST	He stormed out of the room .
te	PAST	He blamed anyone but Eric .
tr	PAST	It shattered over my knuckles , but caused no real damage .
tr	PAST	The centurion grumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	He stamped his foot reassuringly on the ice .
te	PAST	"Pete 's my buddy , he hooked us all up . """
tr	PAST	He looked down as she came , his brow creased with worry .
tr	PAST	He prevailed as he had done last time , and was confronted with a ferocious tirade , adequately punctuated with profanities .
tr	PAST	"Don 't go yet , "" pleaded Jackson ."
tr	PAST	His breaths matched mine , but I was positive he was only nervous about teaching me how to shoot .
va	PAST	Pass you a note ?
tr	PAST	The notion of our fated love bothered her .
tr	PAST	Men and women alike flocked to him , kneeling at his feet and kissing his hands .
tr	PAST	In place of actually beaming , he again sought the grass for some serious mental help .
tr	PAST	He hopped over and pulled me into his arms so quickly I gasped .
tr	PAST	 He 's right ,  I mumbled , still looking at Jacob 's serene profile .
te	PAST	Her words echoed in my brain .
tr	PAST	Arriving in front of his majesty , the knight kneeled and bowed his head in obedience .
tr	PAST	Hasn 't your intuition always proved right ?
tr	PAST	I taxied my plane to the hangar and cut the engine .
tr	PAST	 I was hoping for two things ,  Rock stated .
tr	PAST	"A lady named Edith Benson . """
tr	PAST	Summer unzipped a pocket of her jacket and gave Nate the little ball of chocolate .
tr	PAST	He defeated the invaders by vanquishing their immortal , inhuman master .
tr	PAST	Mark scooted over to make room for the two of them .
va	PAST	 Please , forgive me ,  she wept .
tr	PAST	He reassured himself that he had , in fact , heard a noise .
va	PAST	Before Cook shot himself in the head , he extracted a promise from my father .
tr	PAST	" I chased you for six months , and now suddenly I can 't get rid of you .
tr	PRES	You can mark my word on it ,  the nobleman states with confidence ."
tr	PAST	Inside , the girl shrieked and somebody slapped somebody else , though Cassie wasn 't sure who hit who .
va	PAST	I thanked him , took the list , and ordered breakfast .
tr	PAST	Even the notoriously fickle Melbourne weather dealt us a nice night for a change .
tr	PAST	In a blink of an eye , Carson was in front of me , his expression pinched with concern .
tr	PAST	" You protected her all these years by sheltering her death .
tr	PRES	 Are you sure , Robbie ?"
va	PAST	 So , where 's Lover Boy today ? 
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply savoring in the raw scent of the earth .
te	PAST	 I never lied to you . 
va	PAST	The lieutenant commander slapped him across the back .
tr	PAST	The black sky bore wavering stars , shaped by an alien atmosphere .
tr	PAST	Sighing again , she motioned for her servants to prepare the evening meal .
tr	PAST	He bowed his head when I approached and gestured at the car .
va	PAST	I tugged my pillow over my face as if it could block out everything I didn 't want to see .
tr	PAST	The citizens of Winterville emerged from their homes slowly , careful as squirrels .
te	PAST	Carmen berated herself for her stupid reaction .
tr	PAST	I crouched , hands over my head .
tr	PAST	She replaced her phone in the cup holder and rolled her eyes .
tr	PAST	She patted Gabe 's open seat .
tr	PAST	The mathematics section baffled me .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth together , determined that she would be satisfied first .
tr	PAST	Because she rarely left the house , Carly probably experienced more than her share of boredom .
tr	PAST	Picking up the broken computer he dumped it outside waiting for collection in a few days .
tr	PAST	 I 'm sure ,  she scoffed , tearing her eyes off of his dick .
tr	PAST	She flicked her tail and then was also gone .
tr	PAST	I dug my fingernails into his back , pulling those muscles further into me .
tr	PAST	Chance grunted as he climbed into his car .
tr	PAST	Percival only hoped he wouldn 't disappoint his new friends or the grand dream they longed to bring to fruition .
te	PAST	Shock and anger sliced through me .
tr	PAST	Zane grimaced as he turned to get his phone .
tr	PAST	Max withdrew from her with a frown .
tr	PAST	He cracks a grin so wide , so amused , so refreshingly sincere it 's like a clap of thunder through my body .
va	PAST	The worm rotated forlornly .
va	PAST	Hotel room , she surmised .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on one elbow .
tr	PAST	Jeremy joked with him and Jonathan lightly punched him in his arm as they both chuckled .
tr	PAST	I dared a quick glance at Ryder on my way out , before Nix got to the door and held it open for me .
tr	PAST	 I 'm going for the pizzas ,  Kenny announced , kissing the top of my head .
tr	PAST	Pastries stuffed with cream , cookies dusted with sugar , and chocolate , chocolate , chocolate beckoning to her everywhere .
tr	PAST	I toyed around with my options .
tr	PAST	 Uh , hello ,  Randy scooted his chair back and held out a hand .
tr	PAST	I designed pills for them to do exactly that .
tr	PAST	she countered , smoothing one finger down the windowpane , following the trail of a single raindrop .
tr	PAST	An arm hooked under hers and Maya stiffened .
te	PAST	"Fo ... for sure , "" I stutter , leaning against the machine for support as my legs turn to jelly ."
tr	PAST	Pivoting , I surmised her figure -- eyes narrowing as I scrutinized her from head to toe .
tr	PAST	He had circled and found a spot a block away on a side street that afforded a narrow view of the Raphael 's home .
tr	PAST	Such an advanced piece of technology and they couldn 't fit some form of passing the time in it .
tr	PAST	He tipped his chin down to look at her .
tr	PAST	Silk rustled , then tore , a high harsh rip ; the door slammed .
tr	PAST	Delicate , he guessed , but passionate .
tr	PAST	George sensed that Robbie was no longer behind him .
tr	PAST	Stephan and I clutched hands as we landed , grinning at each other .
tr	PAST	The gray hulks of kelp floated dreamlike outside their hull while the chunks of torn fronds and sediment ripped up by its struggle settled around them .
tr	PAST	He created an ice board , and surfed around the Circus .
tr	PAST	Kimber brightened , skeletons long forgotten , and got up and rushed from the room to grab her fancy water .
tr	PAST	He drummed his fingers on his gambling records .
tr	PAST	I wavered on the edge , gripping at the mattress , watching my attacker regain his breath .
tr	PAST	 Full , for a change ,  he reported .
tr	PAST	To Crawley , Toby bore a selfishness .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the steam deeply into his lungs .
tr	PAST	Clary froze at the bizarre sight .
va	PAST	The men tensed while Helen kissed her cheek .
tr	PAST	You defied our rules of fighting .
tr	PAST	Her breath mingled with his .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at Nick .
tr	PAST	With that , Eddie exited his email .
tr	PAST	"We defeated it once , remember ? """
tr	PAST	I operated on you with Andrew , remember .
tr	PAST	Without regard for my own health , I hopped off the ambulance and went running toward them .
tr	PAST	Plus , he lied to me .
tr	PAST	He represented the Alexandrian Jews before Roman Emperor Caligula because of civil strife between the Alexandrian Jewish and Greek communities .
tr	PAST	I counted telephone poles as we sped down the highway , but I soon found out how boring that was .
tr	PAST	Something pricked my fingers , and I brought them out bloodied .
tr	PAST	Steam rimmed the broken shores , marking the spot where molten rock seeped into the icy waters .
tr	PAST	When we arrived at school , Cheung and I split up to head to our respective lockers .
tr	PAST	19 Haven floated in a great void , as if she were in the deepest heart of space .
tr	PAST	Max eased the collective and the throttle , allowing the Sikorsky to begin its descent .
tr	PAST	She clung to the woman 's forearms in the dark .
tr	PAST	He leaped in the air with great power and just before contact , he exploded his entire body and stopped it slowly from hitting me too .
tr	PAST	 And yet I had hoped ,  he lied .
tr	PAST	 How very generous of you . 
tr	PAST	She shrank against the wall .
tr	PAST	I panicked , kicking the horse into a gallop with the space still too tight .
tr	PAST	Frank 's grim mood lightened when he entered the kitchen and spotted Karla 's bag hanging from the back of a chair .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me , Phil .
tr	PRES	Several other reporters shout out questions simultaneously , including :  What 's it been like to receive a hero 's welcome ? """
tr	PAST	He tensed , rose slightly , head up between ducked shoulders .
tr	PAST	The middle hexagon of the three bore the symbol that further classified the man .
va	PAST	He much preferred the ruggedness and variety of nature .
va	PAST	A metal tube extended out to the ship .
te	PAST	Nina clutched her heart .
tr	PAST	He stalked to the driver 's seat of his car , slammed the door , and roared out of the alley .
tr	PAST	"It would be the perfect time to announce their betrothal , "" Renny secretly disclosed ."
tr	PAST	 It 's a guy thing ,  Jo announced knowledgeably .
tr	PAST	"But the word "" freedom "" echoed through her once more ."
va	PAST	I circled the tree slowly .
te	PAST	So , I dispatched Tim to cook up some steak stir-fry , a request he was more than eager to accomodate .
va	PAST	 He lied on the questionnaire . 
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , grabbing her arm and stopping her .
tr	PAST	A blush crawled up Lorelei 's cheeks .
tr	PAST	Henry regarded Thomas seriously .
tr	PAST	The eerie , magical green aura glowed around her .
tr	PAST	Liu brandished his sword .
tr	PAST	She divided it into two sections and started braiding the length of it .
tr	PAST	Four Warlord Princes tipped their heads in a respectful bow .
tr	PAST	Emily plopped back into her chair in the office .
tr	PAST	Joshua scoffed , suddenly irritated .
tr	PAST	Jason devoutly cleaned up after Shadow , bathed him , played with him , and roamed the woods with him .
tr	PAST	"I 'm an open book , "" she lied ."
tr	PAST	"He looked at her , received the chocolate bar and pinched her cheek , "" You 're one of a kind ."
tr	PAST	The new order , he thought , dictated by the Knights Templar , yes , but one Templar above all .
va	PAST	Hasn 't this morning been trying enough without you ruining the afternoon ?
tr	PAST	His warmth still lingered on the sheets .
tr	PAST	All told , the vicious attack claimed fifty-seven natives and eight physicians , three of whom were French citizens , two Spanish citizens , and three Americans .
tr	PAST	All around me , people muttered and scowled , and lots of middle fingers jabbed into the air , returning Jax 's sentiment .
tr	PAST	He tapped into his intuitive powers and pulled hard at the inner strength of his psychic talents .
te	PAST	Gabby trailed a step behind the group , adjusting the T-shirt she 'd worn over her bikini .
te	PAST	Timothy squinted his eyes and turned slowly to get a better look at Cassie .
tr	PAST	Strength abandoned me and I would have fallen had he not held me against him with that steely grip .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I slept off and on through the morning .
va	PAST	I smacked the side of the machine .
tr	PAST	The programmer flicked the console buttons rapidly .
tr	PAST	Mitch scanned the documents and signed off on each .
tr	PAST	I scooted away on the ground , but something grabbed me from behind .
te	PAST	Brenna rose , her hands fisted on her hips .
va	PAST	He regarded her without speaking .
tr	PAST	He soaked it up , bloomed under it .
tr	PAST	"When the beams collapsed , so did the wall . """
tr	PAST	 Becky 's face was blown off ,  Brian reported .
tr	PAST	She dodged his reach , avoiding his comforting hand and pitying eyes .
tr	PAST	At nine , I phoned her back .
tr	PAST	He braced his hands on his thighs and rose from his seat , crossing until he stood before her .
va	PAST	She nearly collapsed when she saw him lying there , so blissfully unaware with his thumb in his mouth .
tr	PAST	 Agreed ,  the Professor stated .
tr	PAST	Jazz limped to her bedroom , found a reasonably clean floppy sweatshirt and tossed it to Lucia , who pulled it on .
tr	PAST	 Exactly ,  Powers cocked an eyebrow at the Brit .
va	PAST	He strolled away , stepping outside as he pulled out his phone .
tr	PAST	She sagged like a rag doll in her chair .
tr	PAST	Garn attempted to follow directly in Hal 's giant footprints , so as to make the walk easier .
tr	PAST	The mooring rope snaked back into the submarine .
tr	PAST	 I went to talk to Captain Black Sam ,  John stated coolly .
tr	PAST	She tentatively flicked her tongue against his , kissing him back .
tr	PAST	Another rock bounced in front of them before they 'd traveled three strides .
tr	PAST	 And you finally cleaned things the fuck up . 
te	PAST	 This ship 's falling apart ,  Born stated in frustration .
tr	PAST	His look melded with amusement , satisfaction , and something else , something warm and rich .
te	PAST	Stubbs uttered a strangled noise , not quite a scream .
tr	PAST	He flicked and tortured the tiny bud as her hips lifted for satisfaction .
tr	PAST	Malcolm hauled his chair back to the table .
tr	PAST	Immediately , his wife perked up .
tr	PAST	The way her voice and focus wavered .
tr	PAST	O winged crown and throne of gold !
tr	PAST	She mouthed the words You 're cute , but she rolled her eyes as she said it .
tr	PAST	The older man clapped him on the shoulder with a friendly grin .
tr	PAST	 You are , you know ,  he announced calmly .
tr	PAST	Kit stifled a growl as she sat down , focusing her attention on the man who occupied the chair opposite .
tr	PAST	His touch lingered for a moment , a surprisingly tender gesture , then he turned to Shea .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered a little .
tr	PAST	My voice rasped with desperation .
tr	PAST	He squinted at her , as if that would help him understand what she was saying .
tr	PAST	He wheels away from her and turns on Isaac .
te	PAST	Though the real Fender 's sunburst finish looked great Johnny preferred the blue and white of his Squire .
tr	PAST	Since his display of temper , she no longer trusted him .
tr	PAST	Had her father lied to Lucas and deliberately separated them ?
tr	PAST	Beth clapped her hands .
va	PAST	I hopped to my feet , extending my hand to her .
tr	PAST	He pinched my cheeks .
tr	PAST	His breathing faltered , and he looked around on his floor , then saw his inhaler on his nightstand and grabbed it .
tr	PAST	The entire town celebrated along with Jack and life continued .
tr	PAST	But even that wasn 't what bothered her the most .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me , and was silent for a moment as he assessed my face again .
tr	PAST	"Hunter tensed and then visibly relaxed as he said , "" It 's nice of you to keep reminding me why I got a divorce . """
te	PAST	Grace urged after a moment .
te	PAST	Danny 's heart leaped for joy .
va	PAST	The frigid air scraped my lungs raw .
tr	PAST	She sped up as she heard the sound of running feet .
tr	PAST	 Not so ,  I countered .
tr	PAST	 You go play in the house with your brother for now ,  she instructed the blonde girl .
tr	PAST	Johnson clutched the form in his hand .
te	PAST	"Elizabeth phoned me and said Summer started to cry and then left in a hurry . """
tr	PAST	 Actually I got an email from an old friend of my daddy 's ,  Delilah confessed .
tr	PAST	The attorney slapped his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He readied one dart in one hand and held the second in his other .
tr	PAST	 Sure , Miss Kristy ,  Delia chimed as she walked around the corner with a cheerful smile .
tr	PAST	But when Eric made an assist that resulted in a goal for his team , I cheered as wildly as everyone else .
tr	PAST	Smiling , I scooted over and patted the bed .
te	PAST	Elizabeth trusted him , too .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand , and I took it .
tr	PAST	It caressed at his strong body , seeing if he was up to scratch .
tr	PAST	She feared him growing angry .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands , clutched them like a shield at her chest .
tr	PAST	Rocking back in his chair , he contemplated the dirty beige wall directly opposite him .
tr	PAST	Her mind circled back to Mark .
te	PAST	A worm of apprehension crawled down her esophagus .
tr	PAST	The demon taunted and teased her , playing on her every emotional peak and dip .
tr	PAST	As the rest of the undead mob advanced , I recovered my senses enough to start pulling the trigger .
tr	PAST	Cain 's pants buzzed , and she realized that his phone was vibrating .
tr	PAST	Your friend Joe Torrey sensed it .
va	PAST	Shaking my head at the ridiculous idea , I stripped down to my underwear , then stepped on the scale .
tr	PAST	Zo exclaimed , having an amazed look to her eyes .
tr	PAST	I shuffled past the short , plump fellow before I broke out laughing .
tr	PAST	I leaped from the couch to see Marty and Vincent rolling into the kitchen and crashing into the oven .
tr	PAST	Maybe he preferred his freedom .
tr	PAST	She must have sensed my presence because she popped her head up , her body sinking .
tr	PAST	 Viva Las Vegas ,  I mumbled , and then I looked over at Adam , and saw he was still staring at me , transfixed .
tr	PAST	Slamming the door shut behind him , he stormed up to the house , jerked the back screen door open , and disappeared inside .
tr	PAST	Sammie swirled her straw .
tr	PAST	He acted like she was going off the deep end .
tr	PAST	Devon much preferred the openness of the area to the other parts of campus .
tr	PAST	She produced a handful of black , gauzy material .
tr	PAST	I described the building , just in case .
tr	PAST	 I 'm glad ,  he lied , doing his best to fake enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	As his arms were then roughly bent backward , immediately incapacitating them , he ceased struggling .
tr	PAST	Case stiffened and shot away from the wall .
tr	PAST	 The half-dead . 
tr	PAST	Karen emptied the Glock , Matt reloaded and fired once more .
te	PAST	When he did , he dismissed her and Peter without a word .
tr	PAST	He appealed to the scientist in her .
te	PAST	Lips pressed together , the young woman eyed her path to the horse then down toward the boulder , nodding her head suddenly .
va	PAST	The troll wavered in the air as if he was drunk and forgot how to stand , as the gargoyle circled the arena .
tr	PAST	Her gaze was tightly focused on him , not even a glance at the guests on either side of red carpet she trod with deliberately measured steps .
tr	PAST	From the tunnel behind them , a strange yowling cry echoed out to them .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her hand ever so slightly before he nodded .
tr	PAST	He spotted the aircraft .
va	PAST	As suspected , she feared limb loss .
tr	PAST	Daemon leaped up , knocking the chair over .
tr	PAST	He leaped to his feet and shouted that he knew it , over and over , until he finally sprawled on the sand .
va	PAST	Her long chestnut hair clung to her face and shoulders as perspiration glazed her pale , lightly freckled skin .
tr	PAST	He bent to kiss her softly , his lips brushing lightly across her forehead .
tr	PAST	Using the butt of the gun , he smashed the window , sending glass into the black room .
tr	PAST	Sebastian choked on his coffee and coughed loudly .
tr	PAST	" Then you just described Heaven .
tr	PRES	If we get rid of you , Atlantis falls !
tr	PRES	Others gape , their mouths hanging open .
tr	PRES	 Oh , it changes your priorities "" Lily would say , but she didn 't know if she meant it ."
tr	PAST	Sarah writhed and tried to kick out .
tr	PAST	"Got any more balls jokes ? """
tr	PAST	Her hand floated up , gliding to a perfect landing on Josh 's chest .
tr	PAST	He moaned something indecipherable in his sleep , tucking his face into my neck .
tr	PAST	How could she have lied to him about who she was ?
tr	PAST	Conny 's laughter boomed and then faded as he walked away .
te	PAST	You taught me to ride a bike , took me to movies and played touch football with me .
tr	PAST	He inched closer , chasing the tears away with his thumb .
te	PAST	I shrank back against Caden .
tr	PAST	And the moment it slowed down we would jump off and run away before the driver saw us .
tr	PAST	Auron panicked , almost falling off the tower .
tr	PAST	She hopped down from the barstool and slipped some bills under the empty plate .
tr	PAST	Alden hauled the cabin doors open .
tr	PAST	Olivia unclipped Runner 's leash and he immediately rolled over , giving both of them an open invitation to rub his belly .
va	PAST	I holstered my gun and wrapped my arms around Callum 's waist , pressing my face into his chest and letting out a long breath .
va	PAST	She fisted her hand in his shirt .
tr	PAST	Ben stripped off his coat and put it round her shoulders as they walked towards the car .
tr	PAST	You have half-brothers you need to - ' ' Don 't talk about them , ' he uttered .
tr	PAST	She skipped another page , put the date at the top of the page , and stopped .
tr	PAST	Noah 's gaze flickered , though the rest of his face appeared etched in cement , and sexual awareness wrapped itself around her like a blanket .
tr	PAST	Her mouth quivered for an instant , and her eyes glistened .
tr	PAST	Gary sped as hard as he could to escape , but the lorry was out to get him , with burning eyes and dripping fangs .
va	PAST	Colt adjusted his John Deere hat and I could tell he was uneasy about running around naked the last time he lost one of Ty 's bets .
tr	PAST	Ty licked his lips , meeting Zane 's eyes .
tr	PAST	The train charged out of the tunnel before Clark Bent turned to face it .
va	PAST	Beneath the smudged makeup , Lucy blushed .
va	PAST	She pitched aside his boxers and cradled the weight of him in her hand until she could see him fight to keep his eyes open .
tr	PAST	A scar zigzagged down his left cheek to the edge of his jaw .
tr	PAST	Bonnie stiffened in her seat and Karina glanced up at her , irritated by the movement .
tr	PAST	She tipped her chin toward the parlor .
te	PAST	When he finally drifted off , he dreamed of being chased by a veiled man with black wings .
tr	PAST	My illicit thoughts when it came to Jackson never ceased to amaze me .
va	PAST	"She froze and shrieked , "" Go to hell ! """
tr	PAST	Jack swiped an onion ring from my plate , and I snatched one of his fries .
tr	PAST	An icy warning chilled her gaze .
tr	PAST	She exhaled and paced the length of the aisle .
tr	PAST	He patted his chest and cleared his throat .
tr	PAST	He clung to the edge of the open cracker box , looking in with dazed , unbelieving eyes .
te	PAST	Keke squealed at me as the truck pulled onto the shoulder in front of the Datsun .
tr	PAST	The purple cloud represented all the things I hated about myself now , and so I backed away slowly , holding my breath .
tr	PAST	She craved more smoke .
tr	PAST	The sea drake emerged from her lair and cocked her head , to stare at the boy she once knew .
tr	PAST	"I 'll kill you , "" she shrieked ."
tr	PAST	Carrie yawned , and I could tell how exhausted she was .
tr	PAST	But that restaurant only served breakfast .
tr	PAST	She surrendered , laying all her emotions on the table .
te	PAST	His fingers traced patterns across the skin of my arm , raising goose bumps .
tr	PAST	 Fordham Heights ,  I instructed the driver , not missing the sidelong glance Emily gave me .
tr	PAST	And my blush deepened .
tr	PAST	When the little kids were gone , Laurie seized his shirt and demanded to know what was going on .
tr	PAST	 I 've been accepted for OCS ,  she announced without preamble .
tr	PAST	Arianna inhaled sharply , her gaze slid slowly back to him , her eyes bright in the light of the moon .
tr	PAST	At the mention of my parents , I tensed again .
tr	PAST	But it still pissed him off , and judging by the looks on his brothers ' faces , they knew he was pissed .
tr	PAST	In typical fashion , Ares barged onward , up the wide steps and to the front doors .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
va	PAST	He bounced off the car and landed several feet away from the driveway .
tr	PAST	His body was relaxed , his head resting against the natural headrest on the stone pool .
tr	PAST	the tall police officer inquired .
tr	PAST	He presses his hand to his chest .
tr	PAST	We divided into pairs to practice wrist blocks and parries .
tr	PAST	His tone reflected that of Ironside the day before ; One of formality to portray the gravity of the situation .
te	PAST	Nicole gritted her teeth .
te	PAST	He surmised she was much younger than he first guessed .
tr	PAST	Slowly and irregularly the head unwound from the rest of it .
tr	PAST	 It is a distance to our lair ,  he acknowledged .
tr	PAST	The boy brightened at this small offer of help , took what the man could spare him , and then dashed towards the stable .
tr	PAST	Andy downed the bowl and then tried marmalade on toast but spat it out .
tr	PAST	A grin tugged at her lips but she was trying very hard to hold her frown .
te	PAST	He sped past the horseshoe driveway and circled around to the back .
te	PAST	A boy screaming in agony as two others tormented him with knives .
va	PAST	I plopped at the edge of my grandparent 's bed and examined the fibers of the shag carpet beneath my feet .
tr	PAST	The Prince motioned for them to follow him through .
tr	PAST	 I am very chilled , sister ,  she lied .
tr	PAST	Deni sensed other Shifters in yards and on porches down the street coming alert , watching too .
va	PAST	When he rose , his face reflected a battle-scarred weariness .
va	PAST	I stiffened but was too tired for a barroom brawl .
tr	PAST	" He handled it very well .
tr	PAST	Colt charged his brother and shoved him hard in the chest .
tr	PAST	The way they looked at each other , acted toward each other .
tr	PAST	Fiona 's mother smacked the wooden spoon against the edge of the sauce pan .
tr	PAST	He eyed Olive 's state uneasily .
tr	PAST	The suitcase rolling along behind me tipped , and my bags toppled to the floor .
tr	PRES	 Which means leadership of the pack falls to me . """
va	PAST	Allowing himself only a few precious seconds to taste her , he swiped his tongue over the wound again , only allowing it to clot .
tr	PAST	Taking the pillow off my face , I squinted at her .
tr	PAST	Abigail whipped her head around , searching for the source of the voice .
tr	PAST	When he hit the far wall he crumpled to the floor .
tr	PAST	That sobered him and kept him from falling asleep long after she did .
te	PAST	 You are a spineless coward ,  he rasped .
tr	PAST	" I stole us a car .
tr	PRES	 I assume you have been briefed on what happened to it ."
tr	PAST	I flicked through the rest of the article but couldn 't take my eyes off the first paragraph .
tr	PAST	As I walked up the gentle hill towards South Gate I still puzzled over the problem of whether or not Mr Perrin was honest .
tr	PAST	This time the wood gave in the middle , breaking and pushing jagged shards outward .
te	PAST	It hopped the median and headed straight towards me .
va	PAST	Jack stormed out of the kitchen .
tr	PAST	She risked a quick glance at her own group but ignored the black looks .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's lips tipped up , and he smiled .
te	PAST	He untied the ropes binding Andy 's wrists and pulled the sack from his head .
tr	PAST	Her life depended on those suitcases .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at just the thought of food .
tr	PAST	I hopped in , waved to a glaring Mr. Jacobs and headed toward Main .
tr	PAST	He smacked his lips .
tr	PAST	" I freed you .
tr	PAST	It writhed , and quivered like a swarm of insects , then slowly , shapes began to form within its ebbing mass .
tr	PRES	ABE HAD THE KIND OF APPEARANCE that could leave many people speechless , even if they knew nothing about him .
tr	PRES	 To hell , Albert ."
tr	PAST	No one suspected a boat thief in the middle of the jungle .
tr	PAST	 Well , that was more excitement than I had hoped to see this afternoon ,  Tempest joked as he rose from his seat .
tr	PAST	I protected you from the knowledge you couldn 't handle .
tr	PAST	Stanton inched his way carefully between the two angry men before picking up speed and melding into the garden shadows .
tr	PAST	Jenny stiffened slightly at the question .
va	PAST	A female Stephan Hawking informed listeners to leave a message .
va	PAST	Her tongue parted my lips , and I deepened the kiss , my hands roaming down her back to her ass .
tr	PAST	Sorin claimed the one across from her , and Stephanie claimed the one at his side , forcing Lauren to take the one facing her .
tr	PAST	As soon as she saw him lying there , still naked , she flushed .
tr	PAST	They 'd crawled out of that dungeon together , and somehow , someway , he would drag them out of their self-imposed hell .
tr	PAST	Already he owed her an incredible debt , and he had no way to repay it .
tr	PAST	 Let 's get out of here ,  he stated , looking around the house with disgust .
va	PAST	As if I were allergic to the memory , I sneezed again .
va	PAST	Sarah quickly cleaned and bundled up the young child , then helped the exhausted mother move onto the bed .
tr	PAST	The tiny sound vibrated through his body and every inch of his skin sang for more .
tr	PAST	Her body crumpled as though dead , arms and legs hitting the ground at funny angles .
tr	PAST	Blue 's whole body vibrated as I put the leash on him .
va	PAST	Emily ducked out of their way .
tr	PAST	He weaved through the narrow alleys , his swift speed taking them into the less savory neighborhoods .
te	PAST	White gates extended upward into clouds farther than he could see .
tr	PAST	Together , they fled in the only direction they could , running down another tunnel .
tr	PAST	She braced her feet apart , preparing for war if Reyes had changed his mind about taking her to see Aeron .
tr	PAST	The crowd persuaded Katherine to sing four more songs .
va	PAST	His friends sensed Jake had become a pond covered with a fragile sheet of ice .
te	PAST	Poetic words taunted him , briefly showing themselves before dancing away within the rising smoke .
tr	PAST	He whistled it softly as he got into his car .
tr	PAST	Ron preferred to use a head lamp , or sometimes a flashlight , but he spent more money on batteries than on food .
tr	PAST	Voss lurked about well into the night , easily evading notice .
tr	PAST	They saluted as the carriage passed .
tr	PAST	With her leather purse tucked securely under her arm , she marched to the exit , which Nolan was effectively blocking .
tr	PAST	Her stony resolve wavered , her eyes flickering with a moment 's uncertainty , before she set it firmly back in place .
te	PAST	Like , as in , enrolled at our school .
tr	PAST	Vivienne announced , stopping at a certain spot in the middle of the woods .
tr	PAST	He frowned , eyes troubled with thought .
tr	PAST	She attempted to further their progress , but her movements grew slower and more uncoordinated as the minutes ticked by .
va	PAST	He coughed as he opened the can in case his parents were on the landing , and drank it leaning out of the window .
tr	PAST	A transparent , rectangular door on its side swished upward .
tr	PAST	He clapped his hands softly .
tr	PAST	After Life in the Sunshine Calvin thanked the audience .
tr	PAST	Sam outlined the practice plan , and the speeches were over .
tr	PAST	McNair inhaled in exasperation .
tr	PAST	Before I lost my nerve , I unzipped my jeans and pulled them down , taking my panties with it .
tr	PAST	 You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen ,  Nameless Andrew uttered .
tr	PAST	Kennan steadied me with his strong hands .
tr	PAST	Holding the note , Randy reread the brief instructions in the glow of his cell phone screen then shook his head again .
tr	PAST	Dante 's face mirrored her skepticism .
tr	PAST	He phoned the Works Engineer and outlined the problem to him .
tr	PAST	It was a foggy day , the landscape painted in muted shades of grey .
tr	PAST	I sling my bag over my shoulder as he gets into his car and drives away .
tr	PAST	Waves smashed down on him , soaking him in blood .
va	PAST	He moaned , his forehead leaning into mine as his body moved against mine .
va	PAST	 What about my luggage ? 
tr	PAST	"I stripped downstairs . """
tr	PAST	He sold his first story at age 19 to a fantasy magazine and attended the Odyssey Writing Workshop in 2010 .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed you spent so much time in the mud as a soldier .
tr	PAST	Mariah 's heartbeat sped up , whether from fear or some darker , more dangerous , unknown emotion .
tr	PAST	Secure in his arms , she drifted to sleep and dreamed of the future .
tr	PAST	She inched closer and glanced over Jeff 's shoulder .
va	PAST	Susan whipped her head toward the window of the sofa jerk , but could hear her friends scream .
tr	PAST	Now , he hopped on a jet to fly half way around the world , chasing after a Russian woman .
tr	PAST	As far as first days of school went , I chalked this one up as a success .
tr	PAST	A built-in shelving unit with drawers dominated the left side of the room , its shelves stuffed with books .
tr	PAST	He wagged his finger at Beth , the action of a man who appreciated and was laughing good-naturedly at the joke played on him .
tr	PAST	His fingers clutched the lapels of her coat to tug her closer .
va	PAST	He baited his hook and prepared to try another cast .
tr	PAST	From his jacket pocket , he produced a bottle of sunscreen .
tr	PAST	For once , Gascon refrained from muttering something about maybe Nicolas being different .
tr	PAST	 Oh my God ,  I whisper , horrified when I remember that his dad is the sheriff .
tr	PAST	When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me , he acted fast for fear of losing me .
va	PAST	I only prayed I 'd chosen timbers dry enough to burn swiftly all my hope lay in speed .
va	PAST	I dreamed of wolves .
tr	PAST	She inched away from the growing mound of snow in the palm of his glove .
tr	PAST	Rafe cocked his head to one side and nodded .
te	PAST	Neil pondered for a moment .
tr	PAST	Gumshoe seized the wheel , and mashed the accelerator to the floor .
tr	PAST	Other customers shrank away from them .
te	PAST	He exhaled with deliberation .
tr	PAST	Eric rumbled softly , teeth gentle in her furry neck .
tr	PAST	A lump formed in my throat .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 4 The caves felt frigid in the dark of night even though the temperature hovered around a balmy eighty degrees .
tr	PAST	The new glass shattered with a really satisfying crash and he opened the iron grid in front of the door .
tr	PAST	She sensed something dark and desperate as his lips pulled back .
tr	PAST	" Not really , but ...  "" Go on , "" he urged ."
tr	PAST	He untangled his arm from around Savannah and punched in his security code to unlock it .
tr	PAST	The fork truck buzzed loudly and was gone .
tr	PAST	But Mrs. Walker persisted through her lecture nonetheless .
tr	PAST	She saluted Brent and picked up the pace as she walked away .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in broken English .
tr	PAST	 Try again ,  the Adventurous commanded .
tr	PAST	Because , before he could be restrained again , the man yanked his bound arm away from one sailor 's grasp .
tr	PAST	Julian cocked his head almost imperceptibly , and Nick 's eyes strayed toward the perimeter .
tr	PAST	I froze when I heard a voice drifting over from Bill 's house .
tr	PAST	I eyed her outfit again , wondering what motivation got you out of bed and into full dress and makeup on your day off .
tr	PAST	I perked up and listened harder .
tr	PAST	Then he gritted his teeth , eyes opening wide , lips parted as if he were under great pressure .
tr	PAST	A New York Times ' reporter named Katelyn Fox uncovered his murderous spree .
va	PAST	He hushed me before I could thank him again .
te	PAST	 Thank you ... for fetching me ,  I oozed out .
tr	PAST	James visibly wavered and then seemed to give in al at once , his shoulders dropping .
va	PAST	Heavy wooden benches created rows and the atmosphere was calm and reverent .
tr	PAST	Sitting on the edge of her cushion , Catherine served them each a cup of tea .
tr	PAST	Gray exclaimed whom they entered the house .
te	PAST	A few seconds later the most innocent looking brunette emerged from the boxes , carrying two cans of beer .
tr	PAST	She efficiently stripped the other woman down and helped her wash .
tr	PAST	He simply attempted to prepare himself to meet the fact bravely , whatever it might turn out to be .
va	PAST	"Too bad , "" he uttered in dry disgust ."
va	PAST	Sasha stirred the ice cubes around in her gin and tonic , thinking .
tr	PAST	The portal , suddenly charged with a different sort of energy , crackled with what appeared to be red lightning .
va	PAST	Children chased each other in and out of the crowd of people , screaming as loud as possible , but no one seemed to mind .
te	PAST	Anger vibrated through her .
tr	PAST	Faint light glowed up there , barely more than a grayness against the black backdrop .
tr	PAST	He slapped his old acquaintance on the back .
tr	PAST	' Damn it , Max , ' Phillip fumed .
tr	PAST	The pilot readjusted his position to center himself behind the long control rods and waited for the tank to fill .
te	PAST	 I certainly hope not ,  Aries grunted .
tr	PAST	His left wing mirror shattered and he realised this guy was actually quite a good shot .
tr	PAST	She texted him back : I love you , too .
tr	PAST	It had been so long since I 'd felt it , I welcomed it .
te	PAST	Instead he thoughtfully eyed her slim back , rapidly adjusting his impressions .
tr	PAST	The dead Squirrel 's tail whipped the man 's face and its body bounced once and settled on the concrete in front of his open mouth .
te	PAST	It warmed him in ways he was only beginning to understand .
tr	PAST	Cade eyed her cautiously .
tr	PAST	We 're never letting you out again , a voice taunted .
tr	PAST	Alexander fiddled with a dandelion in the grass .
tr	PAST	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
tr	PAST	Jake downed his coffee and grabbed his hat , and swung around ready to get up .
tr	PAST	A network of lines fanned out around his eyes .
tr	PAST	The butcher attempted to give chase , unfortunately the design of the shop meant leaping a counter to leave .
tr	PAST	Agnes exhaled her agreement .
tr	PAST	Something that required a lot of strength , she guessed .
tr	PAST	Simone cocked her head at his deadpan words .
tr	PAST	" We hooked up in a hayloft .
tr	PAST	She shuffled to the bathroom and disappeared inside .
tr	PAST	The woman - Ashlyn - bounced on his shoulder , an unwelcome reminder that he could break at any moment and slaughter everything around him .
tr	PRES	 You know , "" Cathy mumbled ."
tr	PAST	He stuffed his pack under his head .
tr	PAST	The bodyguard 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my helmet and looked down at my camouflaged uniform .
tr	PAST	Becky stares down at my hand on her arm .
tr	PAST	She weighed her options .
tr	PAST	The centurion bore a tin soldier 's mug in either hand , and both of them were steaming in the cool night air .
va	PAST	Kurt chewed on that for a second .
tr	PAST	 Well , you need to clear that to her then ,  she urged .
tr	PAST	Jackie 's gaze roamed over his nak * d body , her eyes darkening with lust as she worked her way down to his cock .
tr	PAST	Her left arm glowed in bluish light .
tr	PAST	Staring down at her hands , she pretended to be engrossed by her nails .
te	PAST	It puzzled young Edward for some minutes but Eadie was calling from the garden and he soon forgot .
tr	PAST	Ashe 's body glowed with power and Opal disappeared .
va	PAST	But she avoided the topic and went on .
te	PAST	While I hold mine , I witness other lights capturing the others .
tr	PAST	Matthew leaped out from behind the chair .
tr	PAST	I cost you so much .
tr	PAST	Then he freed her mind and her body from his control .
va	PAST	 Yeah , I deserved it . 
tr	PAST	She finally exhaled her admiration .
tr	PAST	Across the walk , they munched on chips and salsa .
tr	PAST	 I donated it of course . 
tr	PAST	McKenna secured her hands around the back of my neck , her fingers curling into my hair .
tr	PAST	Mandy handled them carefully , examining them one by one .
tr	PAST	I quoted Quinn 's admission from the night of our first kiss .
tr	PAST	She awoke in the night because he wanted her again .
tr	PAST	She pondered the matter as she glanced over the repaired bed .
tr	PAST	 She has an entire secret life that nobody knows about ,  Jason speculated aloud , pissed off and troubled .
tr	PAST	"I opted for sanity , smiled , and said , "" Thank you for a nice evening , Mick ."
tr	PAST	James grunted under his breath at my choice of the word ' little . '
tr	PAST	He pitched aside the robe in favor of yanking on his camo pants .
tr	PAST	 Mr. Jenkins , I 'll get that blasted ledger ,  Timmy stated boldly .
te	PAST	While death was clearly not an option , he feared this child , though there was no obvious logic to that fear .
tr	PAST	"My cell phone vibrated in my pocket ; I flipped it open and answered , "" Merit 's House of Carpentry . """
tr	PAST	he uttered too quickly .
va	PAST	Not a trace of sunlight crept inside her home .
tr	PAST	Chimes signaled the end of class , and I turned to go , leaving him gaping .
tr	PAST	he taunted the boy .
tr	PAST	His fingers lingered at the pulse fluttering at the base of her throat , his senses drowning in the scent of peaches .
tr	PAST	I feared his reaction , particularly after his earlier outburst .
tr	PAST	Reaching the bottom of the chasm revealed a transformed space .
tr	PAST	My brain clicked over from one gear to the next , accepting the reality and realising that physical violence was now needed to escape the situation .
tr	PAST	Mina pretended not to hear them , but wondered what they were talking about .
tr	PAST	Once in my room , I stripped off the cardigan and socks , forcing my mind to go blank .
tr	PAST	And each time she saw him , her heart sped up .
tr	PAST	He stood just inside the closed doorway , watching her intently , his hands fisted at his sides .
va	PAST	 Put this on ,  he instructed .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his filthy shirt but didn 't bother changing his trousers .
tr	PAST	She giggled again and this time her laugh was strong enough that she wiggled against me .
tr	PAST	Poochie , wearing a gray silk suit and white crew neck shirt , ambled toward him , a polished black oak cane swinging at his side .
tr	PAST	He itched to stroke her , to explore the dream woman in his bed .
tr	PAST	" Oh , by the way ,  Ann announced , "" Otto called ."
te	PAST	The technician produced a rolling stool and positioned Rachel in front of a flat-screen monitor .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the pleasant aroma of coffee wafting through the air , but the smell of the cheese toast of the disturbing .
tr	PAST	His touch jolted me with that same sense of rightness it always did , calming me against my will .
va	PAST	 Funny again ,  Ace droned and lowered his feet to the floor .
tr	PAST	I blamed his lovers for giving him AIDS .
tr	PAST	My thoughts horrified me .
tr	PAST	The cool air conditioning washed over him as she pulled a menu from a nearby stack without breaking eye contact .
tr	PAST	The numbers on the indicator panel above the lintel glowed as the cabin on the left ascended into the fortress .
tr	PAST	Reginald squinted into the blinding light in front of him .
tr	PAST	I trusted Bry , but he stretched my patience with the whole tree business .
tr	PAST	He smacked the papers with his fingers .
te	PAST	I cocked my head to the side , waiting .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat when he saw that it was his dad 's .
tr	PAST	Images of warriors astride winged horses bore down on a pack of shadows .
tr	PAST	"As if recognizing her presence , "" Hell 's Bane "" glowed brighter ."
tr	PAST	 Get in the chair ,  he instructed .
va	PAST	Drake pondered the question briefly and then shook his head .
tr	PAST	He straightened his spine and faced his father-in-law across the room .
tr	PAST	The seafood dishes cost much more than the gas that took me to and from the shore .
tr	PAST	Skin split and poured blood .
va	PAST	Balconies lined with richly scrolled metal balustrades adorned the upper floor .
tr	PAST	Sure , I slugged Stick yesterday but that was no reason to keep me out of the loop .
tr	PAST	Trees rustled outside of the hospital window and blended with the sound of turning pages as Lucia settled in with a book .
tr	PAST	She lied to the hospital , CPS , everyone - it was always blamed on me .
tr	PAST	 Then we 're doomed ,  Nick exclaimed , sweeping the papers off Cassie 's desk .
tr	PAST	He thumped his tail , ready for anything .
tr	PAST	 Says the dude who had his wife 's initials tattooed on his chest as part of his marriage proposal . 
tr	PAST	I dumped them into the sink and started the water .
va	PAST	 You can 't help someone who doesn 't want it , Jackson ,  Liv urged .
tr	PAST	From one end of the room to the other , hoses snaked across the cement .
tr	PAST	And then her frown deepened .
tr	PAST	Gregor stripped off Boots 's damp clothes and put on a fresh set .
va	PAST	When he told her , she dialed it , hearing the ring a few feet away .
te	PAST	Putting the Jeep in gear , we proceeded slowly and arrived at a large opening in the surrounding forest .
tr	PAST	I scrambled to my feet , aware that my right arm was broken at the wrist .
tr	PAST	his youngest daughter chided .
tr	PAST	The snake recoiled to strike .
tr	PAST	The countess clutched at her glasses before settling them on her straight nose .
tr	PAST	I opted to keep my mouth shut for the moment .
tr	PAST	 Just trying to get it al straight in my head . 
tr	PAST	Spencer clutched the phone with both hands .
tr	PAST	Chapter 33 Surprise endings I stood in front of the hotel watching the LNA leave .
te	PAST	Eveline cocked an eyebrow in question and then let her gaze wander around the room .
tr	PAST	Without thought or consideration , William eased her toward the bed , never once breaking from the kiss .
tr	PAST	Her spirit form transformed into a form much more reminiscent of the material Alicia , as she had once been .
tr	PAST	Claire freed him , and then lifted Ryan to his feet .
va	PAST	Dayan dealt with that problem immediately , not waiting for the shelter of a roof , but ripping aside cloth and dispensing with footwear in every direction .
tr	PAST	My lips curved into a sad little smirk .
tr	PAST	Air exploded from my lungs , leaving me gasping .
tr	PAST	They also destroyed our lab and took the samples of blood she had been working on to find an alternative vaccine . '
va	PAST	I scooted closer to the hole in the floor , where the water was disappearing as the tide went out .
tr	PAST	" Your mom mailed them to us , one letter every year with a picture of you .
tr	PAST	I lied to everyone .
tr	PRES	Slow ripples spread outward along her path .
tr	PRES	He signals around us .
tr	PRES	The last time , I recall that Garde showed up on a bad day and he just threw his hands up and walked off .
tr	PAST	I shook my head as I walked right up to her , the rain drenching me , running down my face .
tr	PRES	Staring blankly , Deacon stood until Pike barked ,  Towels , Mr. Chance ! """
va	PAST	"Unable to restrain herself , Emma dragged in a deep breath and screamed out in panic , "" I lied !"
va	PAST	Her own body glowed brighter around me , both surrounding me and filling me with her magical essence .
tr	PAST	Their drums throbbed an expectant rhythm .
tr	PAST	Slowly , reluctantly dragging his mouth from hers , he created a small distance between them .
tr	PAST	Nolan 's eyes flicked up to the old man 's .
tr	PAST	James 's mother dabbed at her eyes with a carefully folded Kleenex .
va	PAST	As the group prepared for war , they awaited news of a retrogression .
tr	PAST	 A new life is about to begin for both of us ,  Debbie giggled .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , watching the puff of air hover and disappear .
va	PAST	The two men , still yelling , hauled her up again .
tr	PAST	He eyed it then threw it against the wall .
te	PAST	"She barely escaped with her life . """
tr	PAST	After a further few moments , the tension broken , Antonia extended her hand in confirmation of the contract .
tr	PAST	He grunted then smacked his lips twice before returning to his loud snore .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , the baby they 'd already decided to name Alexei , staged protests when their lovemaking got a little too vigorous for his taste .
tr	PAST	 You don 't know that ,  Frank piped up .
tr	PAST	 My team is just minutes out ,  he reiterated with confidence .
tr	PAST	Snow reflected off the clouds and illuminated part of the woods .
tr	PAST	She clasped my hand and I pulled her up the rest of the way , then I looked for Edmund .
tr	PAST	I eyed the young woman I was alone in the room with , wary of her intentions .
tr	PAST	I tipped her head back and ran a hand along her throat .
va	PAST	The metal heap shivered .
tr	PAST	When Emma saw Mr. Mercer 's tall , straight back at the stove , pouring pancake batter into a frying pan , she froze .
tr	PAST	He preferred , obviously , to act , to move - to move up that damn hill .
tr	PAST	Simon darted around her and out the door .
tr	PAST	Now that he didn 't need to eat , drink , or breathe to survive , he feared he would just float through space forever .
tr	PAST	The unspoken question lingered in the air .
tr	PAST	He crawled several feet from the edge , rolled over , and collapsed on the gravelly ground .
tr	PAST	Nikko stirred at Painter 's feet , rising to his haunches , one ear cocked to the sound of his master 's voice .
tr	PAST	Lillian wriggled her heavy shoulders in anticipation .
va	PAST	Mostly , they bore or irritate me .
tr	PAST	Dad tugged at his collar .
tr	PAST	She dialled the number still on the back of her hand and prepared for the unknown .
tr	PAST	 He could 've been killed by anyone , living in this cesspit ,  the viscount panted .
va	PAST	The woman slowed as she approached Grace .
va	PAST	 Oh , I owe him everything ,  Halen objected with a sudden , angry glint in his eyes .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand on the counter .
tr	PAST	I observed her as she made her way through the line .
te	PAST	The sparkling sapphires glittered even more .
tr	PAST	Maya froze as a tingle of fear ran up her spine .
tr	PAST	 It 's my fault ... it 's all my fault ,  she sobbed .
tr	PAST	"She eyed his lack of drink and smirked , "" Still are . """
tr	PAST	" William ruled England , and much of France .
tr	PRES	 Mr. Martinez ? """
va	PAST	Nothing in her life measured as amazing a gift .
tr	PAST	He withdrew only enough so that he could spoon himself behind her .
te	PAST	Elliot stuffed his hands in his pockets and shrugged .
tr	PAST	Her freckle glowed and she fell to her knees trying to call for help .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , ' Whatever are y ' doin ' ? '
tr	PAST	 Well , Mr Ivor ,  piped up Lachlan .
va	PAST	Panic tore at him , shocking to life the dark and dangerous part of himself that he kept contained outside of battle .
tr	PAST	She giggled at the thought that instead of trying to escape reality , maybe she should be trying to get back into it .
tr	PAST	As the beating became a butchering , everyone fled .
tr	PAST	 I hear some unresolved anger issues loud and clear , girl ,  claimed Ava Jane , leaning into my side .
tr	PAST	"Jack , "" he grunted ."
tr	PAST	And the snow piled so deep that I could barely flounder my way through it .
tr	PAST	He smashed a heavy vase into a large mirror .
tr	PAST	Jake cocked his head back toward the house .
tr	PAST	Peeling my eyes open , I adjusted to find a soft light coming from the slightly cracked door .
tr	PAST	His dry laugh mingled with the cacophony of frogs and crickets .
tr	PAST	Xavier chimed in , jumping on his brother 's joke .
va	PAST	And then she came out , a towel secured under her arms , as she dabbed at her soaked hair .
tr	PAST	We engaged them two days ago with great slaughter on both sides .
tr	PAST	He swirled his tongue and began working it in and out of my body .
tr	PAST	They should have backed off by now , she grunted .
tr	PAST	I whirl around on my toes and take off down the field .
tr	PAST	With a shrieking battle cry , Katie came flying at Nate , one foot outstretched .
tr	PAST	 He just doesn 't have any social graces ,  Jo countered .
te	PAST	He scratched behind Snowball 's ears and leaned down to whisper in he ear .
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a moment with his eyes full of agony .
tr	PAST	 Listen to her , Nicholas ,  Philip urged .
tr	PAST	Kent circled around for the ball , dribbling back inbounds .
tr	PAST	I crouched and lashed out with one leg , sweeping both of his feet off the ground .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on the La-Z-Boy .
tr	PAST	She whimpered , buried her face against his neck once more , and held him more tightly than she 'd ever done before .
te	PAST	His caring touch fractured the wall erected between her mind and heart .
va	PAST	 Just thinking about stuff ...  He clasped his hand around something shiny and sliver and looked up at me .
tr	PAST	Jackson , Austin and Jessie tensed up .
tr	PAST	 About Jamie ...  Magnus tensed .
tr	PAST	She giggled and then ran her finger down my chest .
tr	PAST	I cringed at my reflection .
va	PAST	Still , she pitched forward into the arms of a man who was reaching for her .
va	PAST	Normally , that would have soured his mood .
tr	PAST	She tore away from his grasp and ran to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	 No , your fiance spilled the beans on that one . 
tr	PAST	Janie rode to work with Pete that morning .
va	PAST	she asked sternly , floating before me , my bottle clutched in her hands .
tr	PAST	I summoned a deep breath , wishing she 'd hug me or something , or try to make me feel a little better .
tr	PAST	My hands roamed his back , welcoming him closer , wondering if our bodies could fuse into one .
te	PAST	 Be thorough ,  he advised .
tr	PAST	I chanced upon the daily production report that was on the whiteboard .
te	PAST	I jolted to a stop when I saw a deep crevice in the ground .
tr	PAST	For some , God 's mercy in the matter only served as a license to continue in the research .
tr	PAST	Years later , I visited Gilbert and Dee Da Dee and they told me that those summers were the best of their life .
tr	PAST	She giggled , wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me , which made me wish we were anywhere but a crowded bar .
tr	PAST	The men eyed each other .
tr	PAST	He circled the main road and found the sprawling ranch that boasted the in-ground pool .
va	PAST	When he noticed me he halted abruptly , looked back , forward and then back again .
tr	PAST	 Including the roses , evidently ,  he observed , feeling slightly guilty for ignoring her these last several days .
tr	PAST	The physician 's words dealt a blow to Franklin , who 'd spent yet another night at the hospital .
tr	PAST	Oblivious of the younger man watching her up the street she jabbed the key into the car 's lock , before straightening her dress and hair .
tr	PAST	A few soldiers meandered around the room , drinking coffee from styrofoam cups .
tr	PAST	A car zipped past the opening of the alley , as bright and red as a smear of nail polish .
tr	PAST	"Sir exclaimed , "" That 's real good , Boy , for it could be another memory that will perhaps lead you to your identity !"
tr	PAST	Then she caressed his cheek .
tr	PAST	" So , all this time you pretended you that you didn 't know how to skate ?
tr	PAST	Sliding the tablet into the back of his trousers , he freed both his hands to open the overhead panel .
tr	PAST	She swiped at the Coke in her lap .
tr	PRES	The electrical discharges suddenly increase and strike the dragon relentlessly causing flashes and loud thunderous cracks that reverberate around the surrounding buildings .
tr	PRES	Lamps , candles , vases , mirrors : everything was in good taste and combined attractively .
tr	PRES	A tear spills down her cheek , leaving a dark trail .
tr	PAST	She reported that the state phone system was slowly coming back on line .
tr	PRES	 It was a shock but I still was awful , "" Sonia whispered in her ear , able to hug Regan back far more tightly ."
tr	PAST	I wrap my hands around the teacup , the heat my only grasp on reality , on this world that is so different from all the others .
tr	PAST	 Mmm ,  I grunted , not wanting to think about it .
tr	PAST	His full lips curved .
te	PAST	 Have they treated you well , lad , did they feed you ? 
tr	PAST	I jiggled at the door knob and found that it was looked .
tr	PAST	 Charlotte ,  Calvin breathed , positioning himself on one elbow so he could look down at me .
tr	PAST	The leopard yawned and rested in the sand at my feet , slumped in peaceful sleep in seconds .
tr	PAST	 Please , just ... be careful ,  she pleaded .
tr	PAST	At least he quit school soon after beginning ninth grade .
tr	PAST	He inched into her , stretching her impossibly .
tr	PAST	Charmaine giggled as the strong man pressed her against the wall .
tr	PAST	Ethan propped himself against the pillows .
tr	PAST	The words pierce me like an arrow through the skin .
tr	PAST	Michael clutched the door frame , afraid for a moment that his knees were going to give out .
tr	PAST	With wide eyes filling with tears , Tatiana beheld the benefit of Cian 's newfound gift .
tr	PAST	He dumped them on a bunk near Kropp .
tr	PAST	" Sweetheart ...  Her brow pinched in emphasis . """
tr	PAST	He resisted the impulse to drop it just an inch lower and toy with her hair .
tr	PAST	A soft smile curved at her lips .
tr	PAST	Through the sheer curtains she could see Jack , walking slowly along the path , his hands thrust deep into his pockets .
tr	PAST	And that required him to be judicious .
tr	PAST	Steven and her operated apart from clocks and watches and had started to rely on Mathew to know the time .
tr	PAST	Her hands crept up to slip around his neck as she obviously remembered the night before and began to respond .
tr	PAST	Jane lingered at the back of the class until the rest of the students had filtered out .
tr	PAST	Jared 's nose wrinkled in disgust .
va	PAST	Lucas 's scowl deepened .
tr	PAST	 Hi , Celeste ,  I said , resigned to the interrogation I knew I would be receiving .
tr	PAST	He grunted as he thrust into her unrelentingly .
va	PAST	He tried moving towards her , arms outstretched .
va	PAST	He readied himself to react , but Hale still held a gun and he was unarmed .
va	PAST	His words reflected my own feelings for him .
tr	PAST	She yawned , more replete than she 'd ever been .
te	PAST	Jenny exclaimed , stumbling as her slipper caught in a vine and then recovering , running beside him .
te	PAST	He strode past a desk clerk , who protested ineffectually without even rising from her chair and up to the fishbowl detective offices .
tr	PAST	She washed her hands and the dagger in the stream and moved slowly back towards the camp , all senses alert .
tr	PAST	Pete 's hand froze with the needle in the air .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven Happy chaos ruled at the Beauchamp 's new house .
tr	PAST	I froze , halfway to the door .
tr	PAST	Her dark hair and pale pink gown -- early 1900s style -- floated around her willowy frame like smoke .
te	PAST	Seldon extracted several sheets .
tr	PAST	Quinlan grunted with satisfaction as he entered a manual override into the system that would allow him to open the side door .
tr	PAST	A quiet man who was fierce in battle yet bore no grudges and was slow to temper .
tr	PAST	Lizzie edged backwards , her feet resting on the tip of the platform , glancing behind her to the other set of steps .
tr	PAST	He intended to show Morgan what he could do beneath the sheets , and meant to leave them both craving their wedding night .
tr	PAST	I sagged down on my bed .
tr	PAST	Andra glanced at her arm , panicked that she might be bleeding .
tr	PAST	Marcus roared and shoved his knee between her legs , sinking betwixt them intimately .
tr	PAST	"Maybe you , how Americans say , crashed ? """
tr	PAST	Although Hunters , they simply attended as witnesses to the case .
tr	PAST	Politicians denied the collapsing , financial health of this great nation .
tr	PAST	Adam withdrew a DVD from his inside jacket pocket .
tr	PAST	Their gestures mirrored each other .
tr	PAST	The floor creaked beneath his weight and she tried to hide her fatigue by jumping to her feet and shoving the chair back under the table .
tr	PAST	 I stole it ,  he confessed .
tr	PAST	 When I tell her I 'll handle something , I mean I 'll handle it ,  I attempted to explain quickly .
tr	PAST	Outside , the deliciously warm desert air dusted my cheeks and swept through my hair .
tr	PAST	In the morning , the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets .
tr	PAST	The wall suddenly loomed , and her blood throbbed in her veins .
te	PAST	The woman squinted at the photograph .
te	PAST	he exclaimed , slamming his fist on the bar .
tr	PAST	The beeping machines quieted a bit .
tr	PAST	As part of the ritual of accepting the throne , she sliced out her own heart and lay it on the pedestal .
tr	PAST	That earned him a slam into the wire mesh so forceful it cut the pattern into his skin .
tr	PAST	 Hall monitoring is off-line ,  she announced when he confirmed his connection .
tr	PAST	Mary charged at him , banging his side with her nuzzle .
tr	PAST	Finally , they emerged at the surface , after having ascended from the underground complex .
tr	PAST	 Here we are ,  the driver announced .
tr	PAST	The wagon trudged on .
tr	PAST	 I leave you alone for five minutes ,  he quietly joked .
tr	PAST	 You cannot escape me ,  rasped the Spell Wizard .
tr	PAST	She urged the phone .
tr	PAST	 He protected me so that I could come to see you . 
tr	PAST	He squinted hard as he tried to see through the darkened , tinted windows , but it was of no use .
tr	PAST	"Savannah fumed , "" And I bet you don 't have horses either ."
va	PAST	Lucia squeaked , darting behind a tree .
tr	PAST	I slowed to give her the chance to catch up , but I didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	Ethan lingered with his eyes lowered at the foot of her bed .
tr	PAST	She stormed past her guard , barely giving him the time to move out of the way .
tr	PAST	My heart pinched with pain at the realization that she could be just fine without me .
tr	PAST	He caressed his thick fingers over the program box and grinned at me .
tr	PAST	After a second 's surprise , she recovered and kissed him back .
te	PAST	He sprawled to the ground , his cuffed hands robbing him of balance .
tr	PAST	Torrance readied a drill .
te	PAST	She sensed a carefully leashed anticipation in her teacher .
tr	PAST	Before Maya could think of something comforting to say , Tara dove on top of John , dropping the jaws of everyone in the room .
tr	PAST	She practically skipped out of the room .
te	PAST	Guilt washed over me .
tr	PAST	Instead of panties and a bra , I opted for my bikini to wear beneath my clothes .
tr	PAST	With that , a line formed , and names began to appear on the scroll .
tr	PAST	Chris 's hands fisted at his sides , he hated feeling so impotent but he didn 't know what to do to help either her or Devon .
te	PAST	Steve escorted her to the gate and watched as the pleasant young woman climbed in an ancient Land Rover .
tr	PAST	"We hopped in your private jet to hide out in a barn ? """
tr	PAST	Julian described her some further examples , but Mia wasn 't convinced .
tr	PAST	Loved brightening their day , getting them to step outside themselves for just one minute .
te	PAST	"This will be a good place to stay until we can regroup , "" Luther stated ."
tr	PAST	Bachman scowled at Mitch .
tr	PAST	My gaze constantly soaked in the details of my surroundings .
tr	PAST	He stares at himself in the mirror .
va	PAST	"Luke said , grimly , "" No ."
tr	PAST	The old-fashioned glasses magnified her dark , teary eyes .
tr	PAST	A mutual friend introduced us months ago .
tr	PAST	And she cringed at the thought of what Sen would do once he found out about this and the body in the morgue .
tr	PAST	Usual y banging the weapon at a certain angle on its base extended it or a shield and they were easy enough to make smal again .
tr	PAST	The two girls stiffened at my sudden advance on them .
tr	PAST	He claimed Cloud was a clone .
tr	PAST	 Lucky guess ,  I lied .
tr	PAST	Together our skin bore such a striking contrast , the smooth , flawless flesh that spoke of her innocence wrapped up in the horror marking mine .
tr	PAST	With a sigh , Julia retreated .
tr	PAST	 He dumped her before they even finished his CT scan . 
tr	PAST	The young boys and girls celebrating confirmation later this year served the meals .
va	PAST	Rachel stuffed the last peanut butter and jelly sandwich into the lunch bag then moved around so she could fix Liza 's braids .
va	PAST	Her head smashed into the mirror , breaking the mirror above the sink .
va	PAST	The fire crackled and lit his features .
tr	PAST	His cry of agony pierced the night air .
tr	PAST	she screeched , struggling to her feet .
tr	PAST	The ball collided with the back of one of the Gods as he his mouth opened in a silent scream .
tr	PAST	 Hey , dad ,  he uttered with an air of nonchalance while entering the room .
tr	PAST	An uncertain shudder rumbled deep within Emma 's core .
tr	PAST	Elena leaned forward and tilted her head up , lips pursed slightly .
tr	PAST	 So you can kill him ,  he stated simply .
va	PAST	A terrible sadness washed over her .
tr	PAST	His gaze raked over her from head to toe .
te	PAST	These jobs dealt with information and high technology .
va	PAST	I hopped up and buckled myself in .
tr	PAST	Gregori glided very subtly , positioning himself just a little in front of the prince .
tr	PAST	Julie charged a very affordable fee for joining the network but waived the fee if the participant wished to work for Phoenix Enterprises .
te	PAST	The concrete under John 's feet exploded .
tr	PAST	Sheila thanked David 's secretary , as she walked by .
te	PAST	He stares through the slash in his jeans , at his skin , where the wound has healed , but the stain of blood still remains .
tr	PAST	Moose squinted at his watch , then grunted .
tr	PAST	Marcus scooted his chair back and stood , nearly growling at Francis Frasier .
tr	PAST	Forget the Catholics , when it came to guilt , no one topped her dad .
va	PAST	She tugged on Wanda 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	Carmela 's voice shrieked .
tr	PAST	I inched back toward the statue to wait for rescue .
te	PAST	The rest of the world ceased to exist as we sat there , in a bubble of happiness .
tr	PAST	He eyed the dogs sprawled on the floor in front of the television , wrestling and rolling .
tr	PAST	Sally proved predictable , though , or was it reliable ?
tr	PAST	Another rift of light chiseled into the blood-red gem in my chest .
tr	PAST	Pulling back , Victor regarded her with a brooding gaze .
tr	PAST	He stiffened but didn 't back away .
tr	PAST	His hands clutched into fists .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed , and she pulled it from her purse .
tr	PAST	"At least , they "" d like everyone to think so ."
tr	PAST	His deep voice rumbled in her head .
va	PAST	The girls piled out of the car ; Laura and I shared a raised pair of eyebrows .
tr	PAST	 As a matter of fact , I do ,  I zipped up my coat and pulled a black knit cap over my head .
tr	PAST	The stranger withdrew a fearsome blade , much larger than the one Paul held .
tr	PAST	And , tinged with shame , it occurred to him that it rather diluted his guilt .
tr	PAST	Then , abruptly after the state championships this year , she announced her decision to quit .
va	PAST	"Of course , Eric 's claimed them all , and I 'm sure not Challenging him . """
tr	PAST	" In the morning , the man awoke in great excitement .
tr	PRES	The metallic residual of the electronic components kills both the flowers and the trees .
tr	PRES	One of his hands slides up my side , grazing the curve of my breast before trailing up to my neck .
tr	PAST	The sound of footsteps emerged in the distance and grew closer .
tr	PAST	I joked and we both laughed .
tr	PRES	 I assume you have a plan ?"
tr	PAST	She rummaged in a kitchen drawer and pulled out a front door key with a large paper label attached to it .
tr	PAST	She faked a shiver .
tr	PAST	He extracted a small bundle of receipts , flicked through them , stopped , and passed one to Stuart .
tr	PAST	No wonder he 'd volunteered to be my guide .
tr	PAST	"Let 's fix this , "" she urged ."
tr	PAST	Despite the heat from all the torches , Rema shuddered .
tr	PAST	Her arm slapped down hard on the counter top , and she struggled to spread her legs even wider .
tr	PAST	I slapped his arm away , sliding across the seat so he couldn 't reach me .
te	PAST	Reaching over , he skimmed his hand up my leg , swerving to miss a nasty bruise .
tr	PAST	 But when he figures out I lied ...  He would kill me .
tr	PAST	I escaped when she was not looking .
tr	PAST	My skirt pinched at my stomach and there was a run in my nylons .
tr	PAST	" Hugin visited me not a moment ago , bringing news .
tr	PAST	Syd proceeded to explain the importance of the gun to his family and that he would like to reclaim it .
tr	PRES	On stage and off , the smoke , flash and stun grenade detonations envelope the audience in a blinding fog .
tr	PRES	Marie states ,  Diana is right ."
tr	PAST	 No ,  he moaned quietly , not wanting to wake his queen .
tr	PAST	Joseph slowed the car , waiting for a herd of goats to cross the street to the market .
tr	PAST	Annabelle tapped a finger against her chin .
tr	PAST	More than one looked abandoned .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed at the exact moment I saw the tiny airplane taking off toward us .
tr	PAST	Bree scooted away to the end of the hall and waited on the other side .
tr	PAST	I charged for the door .
tr	PAST	In flip-flops again despite the cold , rainy December day , she jumped a puddle with angelic grace and half jogged , half skipped to her car .
te	PAST	The shrill bell of the intercom buzzed .
va	PAST	I visited cities known for their artist populations .
tr	PAST	The food was excellent , served by Orla , the attractive niece of the proprietor .
tr	PAST	She herself had panicked and made a bad decision in marrying Ray .
tr	PAST	I would have enlisted , but I had to volunteer for the draft instead .
tr	PAST	I palmed my brow , hating that my thoughts couldn 't form words .
tr	PAST	I bounced off people and tried to open my eyes , but the gas was too thick .
tr	PAST	The taxi sped to where the road ended at the Yamuna River .
tr	PAST	She flung it shut with sufficient force to rattle the windows on three floors .
te	PAST	Ashe scooped ice cream , a determined set to his mouth .
tr	PAST	 I 'm not a servant and neither is Morris ,  I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	And then he crumpled his brow .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOUR VISITING HOURS I woke in Ethan 's arms , my consciousness triggered by the whirring retraction of the automatic shutters that covered his windows .
tr	PAST	Colby started for the door , satisfied that Diana 's attention was now focused on the practical matter of dinner .
tr	PAST	They parted , Mary to her little house and Melvyn to the Manor .
tr	PAST	Obviously she overheard his conversation with Phillips .
tr	PAST	 Lift your top for me ,  Debbie instructed .
tr	PAST	I stole her hair curler as well .
tr	PAST	 Five or six of them ,  he reported back , falling to his knees next to them to help .
va	PAST	The sound of an engine starting roared over the wind noise .
tr	PAST	She flicked a bread crumb from the basket on the table at him .
tr	PAST	Carmine eyed him peculiarly .
tr	PAST	I evaded my father that evening , went falcon and flew on down to the appointed meeting place .
te	PAST	Edward swiped the air with his hand .
tr	PAST	I strummed the wall as I dropped my hand to my side .
tr	PAST	Finally , William 's doctor exited the bedroom and gently closed the door behind him .
tr	PAST	The woman knelt over her , hands propped up on her own knees as though she were addressing a toddler .
tr	PAST	Thrilling emotions Nilo did not understand jolted his brain circuits , and his worn out old torso began to tremble .
va	PAST	I eyed him warily , despite the romantic scene .
tr	PAST	When she finally heard the front door open then close , she prayed it didn 't wake her father .
tr	PAST	They joked uneasily about the coincidence and avoided mentioning the last time they 'd seen one another .
tr	PAST	The queue inched forward as young children ran around between the legs of grumpy grownups , yelling and screaming .
tr	PAST	The Storm Dragons were all but gone , the few remaining fled when it became clear that they were not going to be the victors this day .
tr	PAST	The sounds around him , the people , the lights , everything dimmed .
tr	PAST	He stroked reverently along her side , over her hip , savoring the warm caramel sheen of her skin .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed the butler with a large degree of suspicion as he peeled off his calfskin gloves and handed them to Hutchins together with his hat .
tr	PAST	The funk engulfed us like an invisible assailant , almost bringing us to tears .
tr	PAST	An old woman emerged from the house , wearing only a wispy nightgown that clung to her frail frame in the light breeze .
tr	PAST	"The cave collapsed . """
tr	PAST	Sparks of blue electricity coiled around its body , and even from where she stood Zoey could smell a mixture of rotten eggs and pig manure .
tr	PAST	I resented Aiden Claremont for keeping me prisoner and preventing me from finding Derek .
tr	PAST	Eager to talk to her , he flicked open the phone .
tr	PAST	I selected a copy of the book I 'd been reading from off of a shelf before settling down on the floor .
te	PAST	" I cleaned up the restroom and fixed the other issues the pad uncovered .
tr	PAST	 We don 't really have much choice , "" Lizzie joked joining him ."
tr	PAST	" Yes , yes , Mark , lizard .
tr	PAST	He froze , eyes wide and hands still on her hips .
tr	PRES	 Your accent ... It isn 't fake is it ? """
tr	PAST	Her mind quit working and she felt her heart skip .
tr	PAST	His throat convulsed and he swallowed .
tr	PAST	I quit school but stuck around .
te	PAST	His dad acted that way to everyone present , including his wife .
tr	PAST	She groped for her sword , and when she found it she stood up and ran back to the central mound , heedless to any danger .
va	PAST	His brain chimed like a thumbed guitar string ; slices of golden light shimmered as he tried to focus .
va	PAST	Buried to the hilt , he froze , locked his muscles and fought for control as sensation scorched a lava trail up his spine .
tr	PAST	Kid named Ben Rollins .
tr	PAST	Maybe her sick mind conjured up his strange way of moving and her obsessive attraction to him ?
tr	PAST	Echo attempted a thankful smile , but failed .
tr	PAST	While night birds sang in the jungle , the moonlight reflected off the silver , shimmering like water with her mother 's breathing .
te	PAST	I stabbed the first one through its wicked little eye and raced to grab the shield of Ares .
tr	PAST	The man flopped over onto his back .
tr	PAST	Shaking his head at her silliness , he glided casually out of the room .
tr	PAST	squealed Nine , and jumped back onto the bed , either unaware of Four 's overture or too keyed up to notice .
tr	PAST	Yet her senses objected .
tr	PAST	Reality intruded as a cacophony of street sounds penetrated my dazed state .
tr	PAST	David chattered on , oblivious to the dark emptiness in Karen 's soul .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other for a few seconds before agreeing to a coin toss .
tr	PAST	The legs staggered a few steps towards the door , and fell over .
tr	PAST	The date on the picture matched the plaintiff 's injury date .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed with a couple of people blocking the opening .
tr	PAST	 First answer my question ,  she urged .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER TWO I walked away from the Suburban , turning back once more to make sure Trina had her head down .
tr	PAST	 He forbade you because he didn 't own it . 
tr	PRES	" Aye , it 's good to see you laugh again , Melody .
tr	PRES	A shiver passes up his spine as the scene on the screen changes , growing until it encircles and encompasses everything and the theatre vanishes .
tr	PRES	A lamp lies shattered on the wood floor .
tr	PAST	Something about that whole incident bothered him , but he couldn 't put his finger on what .
tr	PRES	Crouching down behind a large green bush on the side of a fresh water creek , Ian hears footsteps .
tr	PAST	She inched forward , still staring at that tattoo .
tr	PAST	 You deaf , kitty ? """
tr	PRES	The light closes in on Harold as he lies on the sofa -- looking at nothing , straight ahead .
tr	PRES	 This changes everything . 
tr	PRES	 Riding helps . 
te	PRES	But I assume she would have contacted me before closing it . '
va	PRES	He stares back sporting a full metal jacket in his mouth .
tr	PRES	A primal roar to dwarf all others erupts from his throat as an atomic blast of pure , evil force levels the entire section of town .
tr	PRES	' Just want to be prepared , that 's all , ' he mumbled .
tr	PRES	 You make me sound boring ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	 We ain 't waitin ' three hours ,  he mumbled , and started the engine .
tr	PRES	 Listen to me ,  someone whispers .
tr	PRES	Somehow that sound calms me .
tr	PRES	Their black hair shone in the sun , and their sharp , fierce eyes burned in their faces .
te	PRES	 A possibility of Dacian involvement . 
va	PRES	 My wolves . 
tr	PRES	The maid greeted , her face expressionless though .
tr	PRES	The dirt of the grave in which a vampire was buried holds special properties for that vampire .
te	PRES	" All rig -  "" Now ! """
tr	PRES	"The rotten little cheat ! """
tr	PRES	It just ... begged to be licked , especially when there were beads of Arthur Bryant sauce clinging to it .
tr	PRES	she repeats , looking a bit more flummoxed than is usual for store clerks on Rodeo Drive .
te	PRES	 I , ah --  Jim moved the microphone back toward me .
tr	PRES	"Every day dawns blacker and blacker , and I Will lose her forever if you - "" "" Lose her ? """
tr	PRES	I refuse to break down in front of this woman .
tr	PRES	He hates rejection , and his need to impress can flip into hate fast .
tr	PRES	" Or south , whichever .
tr	PAST	She dealt out death and destruction also , and unlike Melissa and Chris , it was the only gift that she had received .
tr	PAST	His body lingered there , steady , and ready to please me .
tr	PRES	Finally ,  I breathed , blood dripping on my chin ."
tr	PRES	That smirk curves his lips again , slowly and sexily .
tr	PRES	She snuck a look at Carolyn as they walked into the hall .
tr	PRES	 For what precisely ? 
tr	PRES	The second coherent thought stops me from doing just that .
tr	PRES	I swing around , seeing the tall , light , and handsome male .
te	PRES	 That , my dear unwanted bride , remains to be seen . 
te	PRES	 He deserves a special woman . 
tr	PRES	 He believes he has discovered a path to engineer our way out of this doom . 
tr	PRES	I gulp then stand with my legs apart to balance myself .
te	PRES	" All right , bud .
tr	PRES	At present , our needs align .
tr	PRES	Emerson winks at me .
tr	PRES	Adel sees that Nora has made up her mind .
tr	PRES	A boy touches you , and you mistake hormones for magic . "
va	PRES	Lea glares at him as she crosses her arms .
va	PRES	 But then I ruined your plans by showing up at the train station . 
va	PRES	The shaman sees that he notices , but says nothing to reassure him .
tr	PRES	He digs his knife in the dirt .
tr	PRES	I refuse to let anything or anyone ruin this happy time of my life .
va	PRES	She sighed , her eyelids closing for a moment .
tr	PRES	How they left me twisting in the wind to take their blame .
tr	PRES	He carries me across the room toward the one corner of the apartment that isn 't covered in boxes or disassembled furniture .
tr	PRES	 This man brings color to your cheeks and a smile to your eyes and you said nothing ? 
tr	PRES	 No , I ...  he tries to respond as she continues her rant .
te	PRES	It explains why this new life is spread not only by purely mental acts like belief , but by bodily acts like baptism and Holy Communion .
tr	PRES	He cups my cheek , his warmth spilling through me and heating the chill I didn 't know had been residing inside me until now .
tr	PRES	She points to Nisha Banerjee , my tennis rival , who is glued to Thayer 's side .
tr	PRES	" Can you humor me ?
tr	PAST	He mumbled , clearly struggling to keep his control .
tr	PAST	 Warrior , "" Delilah squealed in joy ."
tr	PRES	Some of them mutter at having to deal with me ; I hear whispers of murderess and vile bitch .
tr	PRES	Leaving the room , he returns shortly .
te	PRES	Even if Izzie didn 't mean it as an insult , her words crushed me .
tr	PRES	Reeve flashes me a private grin .
tr	PRES	No wiggle this time .
tr	PRES	She flips through and around them as Chest runs up the steps to join her .
tr	PRES	I relax as relief floods through my body , chasing away the fear and replacing it with a sense of security .
tr	PRES	The sunlight sneaks through the cracks of the blinds and I can hear my next-door neighbors arguing about something .
tr	PRES	Colors , Colors , Colors !
tr	PRES	Trace uses it sometimes , when his partner visits .
tr	PRES	Alec glances at me through his peripheral vision every once in a while .
te	PRES	The southeastern entrance holds the only route to the House of Cards .
tr	PRES	He holds out his arms and she sweeps him up in a hug .
va	PRES	A very tall thin woman stands holding her hands behind her back .
tr	PRES	Two of the ' dignitaries ' politely excused themselves , citing impending lectures as the reason .
va	PRES	"I demand an answer immediately . """
te	PRES	He stretches his long legs , walking through the grass towards me , reducing the distance between us .
tr	PRES	He lays his fork down on his plate and smiles .
tr	PRES	Rapid splashing footsteps accompanied by a pair of glowing , red eyes betray the imminent attack as Mai instructs Rift to dodge .
tr	PRES	The servants claim to have heard the two arguing and then a single gunshot .
tr	PRES	 Both good points . 
tr	PRES	To my surprise , Nicholas remains still and Kayla doesn 't cry .
tr	PRES	Hai Hai leapt about at the stairway 's exposed side , her sabers darting in and out , and wherever she leapt men bled .
tr	PRES	He touches his cheek .
tr	PRES	How she had ignored him for the last half of their lives , as little more than a target to practice throwing her bile at .
tr	PRES	He puts on a serious face , throws an arm around my shoulders , and pul s me in close .
va	PRES	An image of a tiny newborn with bright blue eyes and an infectious dimpled smile washes through my mind .
te	PRES	"Ola gratefully embraces the savage who fights to open the door to Ola 's future . """
tr	PRES	"The colours wither ; the light fades and without the alliance between the elements the land will die . """
tr	PRES	"And you represent everything the city can give them . """
tr	PRES	He disappears for good two hours and Melissa is anxiously waiting for him in her room .
tr	PRES	' No , no , there 's no need for that , ' I blurt out anxiously .
tr	PRES	Mavis snorts with amusement .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	 How 're you doing , kiddo ? 
tr	PRES	' You too mum ! '
tr	PRES	The dagger shone brightly in the light .
tr	PRES	" No big tree , or road , or mile marker .
tr	PAST	The unfolding process sped up .
tr	PRES	Dervish tries to follow but gets tangled up with another demon .
tr	PRES	Did anyone threaten you while you were on the force ? "
tr	PRES	Still just as bitterly .
tr	PRES	"My dad tries to diffuse the situation by saying , "" Please watch your language around my children Lee ."
va	PRES	Tammie returns the gesture , hesitant at first , then passionately , allowing herself to become lost in Devon .
tr	PRES	" Just the talk with your mother about the lancet freaked me out .
tr	PRES	' Didn 't you rubber up ? '
tr	PAST	They stated that some police officers take their authority to a whole other level and gain this sense of entitlement .
tr	PAST	Or had they acted more methodically to ensure that he could never hurt her again ?
tr	PRES	 I 'd better get that , "" he murmurs ."
tr	PRES	She grabs my phone off the bed and walks toward the door .
tr	PRES	He sighs like that 's one of the questions he was hoping to be able to dodge .
tr	PRES	"What other complications ? """
tr	PRES	He rubs at the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	Each breathes a sigh of relief as they complete the spell without getting caught .
va	PRES	"He sells the things , but they stay in the back . """
tr	PRES	She likes her guys a little higher on the delinquent scale .
tr	PRES	He winks at me because he doesn 't care .
te	PRES	by the Pixies plays in my head , over and over again .
tr	PRES	"Because they will not hesitate . """
tr	PRES	At which the woman who escorted him back here , smiled and did a little half bow before she disappeared into the house .
tr	PRES	It falls under domestic detail .
tr	PRES	Show me what you can do , my father 's ghost whispers .
va	PRES	She exhales , and it 's like a balloon has been emptied inside her .
va	PRES	" No more lies about how we 're the same flesh and blood .
tr	PRES	Here , they shone like chips of ice , so bright that the darkness seemed almost blue by contrast .
tr	PRES	I lean down to look through what 's left of the items in my pack .
tr	PAST	Bones froze for a second , then scurried away .
tr	PRES	 That still belongs to you ."
tr	PRES	He pushes his credit card into my hand .
tr	PRES	" Come for me , Blaze .
tr	PAST	 You didn 't say good bye , "" she accused him ."
tr	PRES	So far from killing the taste of the egg and the tripe and the cabbage , it actually brings it out .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , one of them is gone , Great misery they have for their companion . '
tr	PRES	 My darling . 
tr	PRES	He greets my mother while my mood worsens on the inside .
tr	PRES	Sliding his hand out from under my shirt , he pushes my sleeve up to expose the thin white line on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	 How about Atlantis ? 
tr	PRES	After seeing to the dogs , the men pounded extra pegs securing their tents into the ground .
tr	PRES	" Or my toes .
tr	PRES	 This is almost like prom night , "" Caitlyn announces after a waiter sets the water glasses on our table ."
tr	PRES	 Congratulations ,  Ethan said , slapping Dare on the back .
tr	PRES	He proceeds to find a seat between Nora and Ms. Myrtle .
tr	PRES	 You and my brother ,  she sighs .
tr	PRES	Reaching a thundering halt upon thon tree the capsule spills its contents of those within .
tr	PRES	" Daniels loves it .
tr	PAST	Martin re-entered the room with a plastic cup of water .
tr	PRES	He remembers your names but has utterly forgotten mine . "
va	PRES	After the last of the dipped bread I race for the door .
va	PRES	I didn 't tune this out .
tr	PRES	Twenty-five kids in the cramped classroom swivel their heads and glare .
tr	PRES	Fred clears his throat .
va	PRES	He never held back the way a normal man does and held back in all the ways a normal man pushes forward .
tr	PRES	 Like a boy likes a girl . 
tr	PRES	His fingers dig into my flesh , pulling me up off the bottom of the tub as he slips under me to massage each butt cheek .
tr	PRES	Before either of us can react , the door opens and Enzo strides in .
va	PRES	" When I was on your lap , riding you .
va	PRES	She sets it by the door .
va	PRES	The hairs tighten another notch , biting into the flesh of my throat , cutting off the last of my air supply .
va	PAST	He squared his shoulders and wheeled away , heading to join the guards .
va	PRES	The bull horn tip touches the flag then all the bulls disappear , first , the flag , second , and finally the force field .
va	PRES	Everyone ties up their trousers at the ankles .
va	PAST	Quickly Viv calmed down and looked at Jen her face streaked with tears .
va	PAST	Though she scanned the lines , none of the words registered .
va	PAST	Heat surged from Tara 's hands .
va	PRES	The scientist instructs Rian to look after her as he leaves the room to run an errand .
va	PAST	She stared at me , her eyebrows knotted in alarm .
va	PRES	With a gentle hand , he picks up my foot and props it on his knee .
va	PAST	She straddled my lap .
va	PRES	He rubs his fingers together , asking for the twenty bucks I owe him .
va	PAST	Before he had a chance to question her , Wilton sauntered over , a glass of wine in hand and a smile on his face .
va	PAST	Connelly recited his background in a deliberate , bored tone that did not invite questions .
va	PAST	He moistened another cotton pad and began smoothing it over my jawline , down along my throat .
va	PAST	Barry smirked and patted me on the shoulder .
va	PAST	I dug my nails into his back as he thrust , his ass flexing and releasing against my calf muscles .
va	PRES	The flash bewildered her .
va	PAST	Cora wandered from within the various other monuments and they shared a weak smile .
va	PAST	Commentators proclaimed  the end of history . """
tr	PRES	The cardboard smells like incense and grime .
tr	PRES	Gleaming white teeth hang like large stalactites overhead and rise from the ground at its lower jaw , its front incisors standing as tall as Charles .
tr	PRES	You scare me to death when your heart tries to work so hard .
tr	PRES	How they had been attacked by unknown assailants and escaped .
tr	PRES	 Good lesson ? 
te	PRES	 Wrong ... eh ... side ! 
tr	PRES	" We prefer to be called Master Weavers .
va	PAST	I don  t think he knows what happened , the Library of Souls Azrael .
va	PAST	The few COC friends in whom I felt comfortable enough to confide all assured me that it was a sign from God .
va	PRES	 Well , that settles it then ."
va	PRES	he bellows in his low voice .
tr	PRES	 That changes everything , lovely . 
tr	PRES	 A living shawl . 
va	PRES	Police in charge of the investigation describe the details of the murder as horrifying and too gruesome to reveal to the public at this point in time .
tr	PRES	"Are you deaf ? """
tr	PRES	Murphy 's eyes flit to Ronan , and he takes a cue from the older man to move on .
tr	PRES	 I 'm sorry ,  I mumbled against his soft t-shirt .
tr	PRES	 This is torture to me ,  Jo mumbled climbing into the car .
te	PRES	But still his sister clutches him .
te	PRES	But the first shuttle off-loading from the Queen Favor has arrived , and among its passengers walks a giant .
tr	PRES	" You suit brown hair too , sweetie .
tr	PRES	I lean toward her , my mouth against her ear .
tr	PRES	' ... turnip , Mitch . '
tr	PRES	 My granddaughter ? """
tr	PRES	 Was Suzie the woman that Ruth had alluded to ? 
tr	PRES	If you approve of her ... fine .
tr	PRES	Same lies to Congress .
te	PRES	Warner stops the tank .
tr	PRES	' And never returns ! '
va	PRES	Our school backs up to a humongous woods and that woods borders a marshland and another state forest .
tr	PRES	If anything , it fills me with peace , and I count the days with a sense of relief and gratitude .
tr	PRES	" Joy , I assume ?
tr	PRES	 What brings you by ? """
tr	PRES	 I assume you wish me to go in her place . 
tr	PRES	 I du n no , I guess I 'm just tired . 
tr	PRES	My mind flashes back to the lab .
te	PRES	Their crew tries to take over anyway .
tr	PRES	His cheek slides up one side .
tr	PRES	 Ale it shall be , then ,  she crowed happily .
tr	PRES	Well , I assume he has perfect teeth .
tr	PRES	" And his stealing from your firm ?
tr	PRES	Shelton reaches over the fence and lifts Adam under his arms , high up in the air and then quickly to the ground .
tr	PAST	Her lips flattened into a hard line , along with her resolve .
tr	PAST	The girls giggled again .
tr	PAST	Jack scribbled on a note pad .
tr	PAST	She downed the rest of the milk and said ,  Ick . """
tr	PRES	 No ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Bell reaches the closet first .
tr	PRES	He attempts to give me a small smile but it falls just as quickly as it started .
te	PRES	We freeze , focused on the noise ... and then the silence .
tr	PRES	" In Earth 's lower atmosphere , an old P-51 Mustang .
va	PAST	He toed off his sneakers and stepped toward her .
va	PRES	She tells him about Maury , about how she found him not long after she saw Lee last .
va	PAST	Panic clawed at her stomach as she stared at the final stretch between her and the men .
va	PAST	he asks , his voice edged with some deep rage .
va	PRES	 Sounds like Sherry ."
te	PRES	Everyone deserves respite . '
tr	PRES	Hassler 's heart stops .
tr	PRES	The car crash that had killed him .
tr	PRES	 Good lord , this city isn 't ready for the likes of you ,  he sighs .
tr	PRES	"Pass me on ... . """
te	PRES	 Your fox hat ? 
tr	PRES	Even if her heart did threaten to leap through her chest .
tr	PRES	"Can you spare a few minutes ? """
tr	PRES	He opens the doors and we make the short journey to the doctor 's office .
te	PRES	His voice fills the room and makes fear prickle in my chest .
tr	PRES	 Jesus ,  I mutter , shaking my hand .
tr	PRES	Comes back when you find your direction .
tr	PRES	She loves the idea of exploring the void so much that she 's ignored the price that Flattery 's exacting .
tr	PRES	Everything , including his heart , freezes .
tr	PRES	" Everybody falls off a boat once .
tr	PRES	He still loves her ?
tr	PAST	When Sofia approached me , she acted the same way I did .
tr	PAST	No more lapses , he zoned his attention on Daniel Baker .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table for my hand and I hesitate .
tr	PRES	When I don 't respond she frowns and mutters something to her companion before pushing her way through the crowd to reach me .
tr	PAST	As the gully grew narrower , it eventually required hopping from boulder to boulder to continue the steep ascent .
tr	PRES	 Sure , but I reserve the right not to answer it . """
tr	PRES	When I mention that I 'd like to see what Locke has brought back from his travels , Geist agrees with reluctance .
tr	PRES	The smells of fabric softener and fried chicken threaten to make me sick .
tr	PRES	 Please don 't make this any harder than it already is ,  he whispers back .
tr	PRES	 Okay ,  I mutter .
tr	PRES	 Agent Ward . 
va	PRES	Doug pets its head and puts down a few more pellets , which the cat proceeds to devour .
tr	PRES	" The princess speaks the truth .
va	PRES	He ignores me , but suddenly he beams and pulls something from the wreckage .
va	PRES	 A process server ."
tr	PRES	Everyone stil snuck off and hooked up with everyone .
tr	PRES	 Thank you , Harry ,  Elaine said , her rough voice prim .
va	PRES	I glance over to find Jase still studying her too , his expression impassive .
tr	PRES	Noah reaches out for me and I take his hand , only to be pulled into the shower with him clothes and all .
tr	PRES	" Berwick ,  Chartres said with condescension , "" these petit horses all belong to Chretien . """
tr	PRES	This draws on the power of the sun , not sunlight .
tr	PRES	My pocket begins to vibrate .
tr	PRES	"He likes it too much . """
va	PRES	 And I assume that ' do some living ' now includes you ? 
tr	PRES	 Am I interrupting ? 
va	PRES	It all flashes past .
tr	PRES	She gathers more stars and stands and heads toward the front door with her hands clasped to her bra , still trying to hold on to them .
tr	PRES	The bedchamber opens onto a small receiving room , and even though I sense no hearts beating in there , I pause .
tr	PRES	Danica smacks him over the head and points at him .
tr	PRES	"Witches boil the animals and pluck out their eyeballs for potions . """
tr	PRES	He hates puking , and when you kept hurling , he was afraid you were going to get him sick .
tr	PRES	"Practical jokes nobody but him thought were funny , right ? """
tr	PRES	" Why me , Demetri ?
tr	PRES	He snarled softly , his eyes pitch black .
tr	PRES	The scent of him fills the air between us and I feel charmed .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Bethany urged us forward .
tr	PRES	 She wants you , "" Lily teased ."
tr	PRES	 A rebel angel among rebel angels ? 
tr	PRES	He points a finger at Violet and me .
tr	PRES	As she works , she tries to ignore the deeper meaning behind her captain 's orders .
va	PRES	"Retrieving his hat from where it had fallen in the hay , he turned and repeated , "" Tonight , Miz Abby . """
tr	PRES	As time starts to slow , the angel of death falls upon him , her remorseless expression shining through her vessel 's face as time stops completely .
va	PRES	my dad bellows , as something heavy topples over .
tr	PRES	That explains the beautiful arms .
tr	PRES	In the dark of the grove , their eyes shone silver like the mosaics of the temple roof .
tr	PRES	" In case what , for Christ 's sake ?
te	PRES	 You have every right to be angry , Judy - "" "" Mrs. Larson ."
tr	PRES	 It probably helps that you 've had extra time on your hands without basketball this semester , am I right ? 
tr	PRES	Jayden pushes me up against the wall and leans forward , crushing his body against mine so I can 't move , placing his lips on mine .
tr	PRES	The douche follows her .
va	PRES	Your father loves you very much is all and he just wants to protect you .
tr	PRES	"But wasn 't someone arrested for the murder ? """
tr	PRES	Miranda stands and approaches as before . )
tr	PRES	 I WILL ,  I shout .
tr	PRES	" One of our spies reports that the community lies empty , now .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her cheek as she tried to muffle her screams .
va	PRES	He feeds on it like the gods used to feed on mortals ' beliefs in them .
va	PRES	 Um ... "" Nope , didn 't hear him wrong ."
va	PRES	"Rug rats , dying cougars , elephants . """
tr	PRES	 In front of al your servants ? 
tr	PRES	Realm immediately opens it , sorting through its contents .
tr	PRES	And a horrible liar .
tr	PRES	 Sleeping peacefully now . 
tr	PRES	The less he had to do with these superstitious savages the better .
tr	PRES	Two sheets of paper , the thinnest file he had ever seen in MI5 .
tr	PRES	"I snuck out after everyone was asleep . """
tr	PRES	Clinging to his music box , the boy finally climbs to his feet and sprints across the narrow path to the center of the room .
te	PRES	It stares up at us grumpily .
tr	PRES	No matter how much we prepared , the infected snuck past our defenses and crept close to our necks .
tr	PRES	It ranges from inventing a new type of boat to getting married .
tr	PRES	With his blurred vision , he sees a thick figure in a plaid skirt and white shirt with shaggy hair .
tr	PRES	Reason requires your urgent attention .
tr	PRES	And then Holly whistles .
tr	PRES	Heck , even the winery fits in .
tr	PRES	 So ... fucking ... good . 
va	PRES	"Tonight we celebrate and sleep ; tomorrow we prepare . """
va	PRES	His attention skates back up to my face and he smirks .
tr	PRES	Instead , this pen automatically changes my writing into one standard , preset font to make communication more universal .
va	PRES	 A queen ? 
tr	PRES	She breathes , ' wait here , ' before continuing forward towards the figure .
tr	PRES	Backward , then forward , the gears and cogs of her internal time piece grinding and jamming .
tr	PRES	"The President regrets General Lewis 's decision to retire and wishes the General success with his future endeavors . """
va	PRES	Thunder roars again ; the rain hammers me .
tr	PRES	 It 's waiting for us now , partner Elijah . 
tr	PRES	The sun shines dimly on my left-hand side - and a second sun shines weakly to my right !
te	PRES	"Spouses or legal guardians only . """
tr	PRES	Evelyn purses her lips .
tr	PRES	Dad jumps to his feet as the other guys laugh at me .
tr	PRES	He snaps summoning another bottle of wine .
te	PRES	 Don 't I merit some sort of greeting ? 
tr	PRES	Vin flared pewter as she smashed her fist into the beast 's head .
tr	PRES	He exits out into the peaceful medical ward .
tr	PRES	 No clue . 
tr	PRES	Have you cleaning dishes in the royal kitchens the rest of your life .
va	PRES	" Claire , the song talks about a Dark King .
tr	PRES	With a voice that rang in the rafters she cried out ,  OH NO ! """
tr	PRES	 Nice name ,  Kowalski mumbled .
tr	PRES	She digs her nails into the gray flesh there , pulling it away .
tr	PRES	The bite hurts as well , and I shouldn 't have exacerbated it , but Mary , the idea that we might finally make some progress ?
tr	PRES	Time ticks by , and then , from beyond the door I hear sounds ... .
tr	PRES	Her bottom lip puffs up as she looks down and centers her Selah campaign button .
tr	PRES	"He holds out his right arm for me to use and says , "" Why don 't you let me collect blood samples from the other guys ."
tr	PRES	"She mistook lust for love . """
tr	PRES	"He tells the most wonderful stories when he 's drunk , and he 's ever so entertaining . """
tr	PRES	 Now , tell me , Herr 'D on -- who are your wandering companions ? 
tr	PRES	he whispers against my ear .
tr	PRES	"But sometimes shrinks need shrinks . """
tr	PRES	I always pays me debts .
tr	PRES	A single tear falls down my cheek and it 's one tear too many , so I quickly wipe it away .
te	PRES	" Of course you don 't , sweetie .
tr	PAST	The wave soaked the glass from top to bottom as if someone had chucked a bucket of soapy water at it .
tr	PRES	I snap , struggling to keep my voice low .
tr	PAST	Naturally the lycra panties proved nothing , stretching to accommodate her derriere .
tr	PRES	Her pink scalp shone beneath her thin hanks of gray hair in the light of one small lamp .
tr	PAST	We smoked in silence as we walked through the back alleys and streets .
tr	PAST	 All right , but keep me posted ."
te	PRES	 No , they couldn  t !
tr	PRES	"It 's such a wonderful story , the way Belle learns to love the Beast in spite of his gruff attitude and fearsome appearance . """
tr	PRES	I fold my hands together out in front of me on the table .
va	PRES	Even though it should have been called slavery .
te	PRES	 That tickles . 
tr	PRES	 Uncle Sulley ! 
va	PRES	He closes the door behind him .
va	PRES	She stops for a second before shaking her head and continues pacing .
tr	PRES	It brings people together to have fun .
tr	PRES	He points at the drawing of the broken mirror on my wall .
tr	PRES	Gord begins swishing his fingers across the clear glass panel in front of him and it comes alive with digital swirling lights and indicators .
va	PRES	"But the sea lies waiting to scuttle us all . """
tr	PRES	He glances at me and obeys .
tr	PRES	Grace stands up hardly believing her eyes as she runs , squealing , to meet him .
tr	PRES	Then he opens the door and ushers them in .
tr	PRES	A sickening feeling in my gut pushes me to act , to find out what 's really going on .
tr	PRES	Dark hair , dark brown eyes , olive complexion ... Daniel smiled at the thoughts of heads turning in Prairie , Tennessee .
tr	PRES	Renunciation Renunciation allows the individual to free himself or herself from external responsibilities and , instead , to concentrate on an inner search .
tr	PRES	 With their swords . 
tr	PRES	He blushes and smiles grand -- minus one tooth in the top front .
va	PRES	Shorter , sharper , harder , quicker .
va	PRES	Appeared as a minor character in two school plays .
va	PRES	She wipes snow off the shoulder of her shirt .
va	PRES	 I feel like Cinderella ,  I remark as I put my foot in and he laces the boot up .
tr	PRES	He could feel the rack of the world loosening , the cool wind soothing the aching of his soul .
tr	PRES	He writes that down .
tr	PRES	She usually visits the town to convert with the citizens , but not as this week .
tr	PRES	" And you -- how is the harvest coming ?
tr	PRES	 Because my brother has a heart that he hates to own up to . """
tr	PRES	"How plead you ? """
tr	PRES	" Here , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Slowly , slowly licking it from her skin , savoring each sticky drop .
tr	PAST	Luckily , the man like the job the girls did and agreed to help them , provided the announcement was to be made before the evening news .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the top of her head .
tr	PRES	Why I snuck in !
tr	PRES	He reaches out and strokes her hair , only then noticing that she has it hanging loose around her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The park only allows a certain number of canoes to be out on the water at one time , so Dane had to reserve them weeks ago .
tr	PAST	His thick leather boots ranged past his knees and were turned down at the top , drawing her eye to his heavily muscled thighs .
tr	PRES	 If you say so , Light Knight ."
tr	PRES	Mr Barns lets out a hearty laugh .
te	PRES	" She never changes the tone of her voice , no matter what we do to her .
tr	PAST	Technology so advanced that space travel via space warp is old hat . "
tr	PRES	 Crista Galli safely in the hands of Vashon Security Force . 
tr	PRES	 Oh , toss me a ten dollar coin . 
va	PRES	He glances down at his sweaty T-shirt , then peers up at me warily .
tr	PRES	He stares at them , but his gaze is faraway .
tr	PRES	"They all just rip it off anyway . """
tr	PRES	"Jax owes me , and I have no doubt he 's waiting for me to call him with this specific request . """
va	PRES	His eyes spear through me like a javelin .
tr	PRES	 Your Lordship . 
tr	PRES	I wince from her touch and then find enough energy to slap her hand off me .
te	PRES	"I ruined our perfect moment . """
tr	PRES	Officer Dan stops him .
tr	PRES	He scratched his forehead nervously .
tr	PRES	 Will , I just need a minute ,  she sniffs .
tr	PRES	Duke draws his brows together like he 's about to ask a scientific question .
te	PRES	She touches Realm 's arm and he suddenly drops it , making Roger stumble to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Your back-up project .
tr	PRES	He begins to rise .
tr	PRES	Perhaps , by virtue of that , they belong here in a way that we do not .
tr	PRES	 My apologies . """
tr	PRES	He tries to , and if something happens to him ... I won 't , I just can 't .
tr	PRES	Since when was the lure of Starbucks not enough ?
va	PRES	But he couldn , t stop thinking about Laura .
tr	PRES	 Tell me about this man ,  Rhys breathed , his chest heaving .
va	PRES	The longest , worst moment of my life passes as I stare at her .
tr	PRES	' Affected supplies too , so everything 's rationed .
tr	PRES	" Today changes it .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me and I can 't read his expression at all .
tr	PAST	He unfolded himself from the passenger side of the car , looking at me through a pair of dark sunglasses .
tr	PRES	 A mutant . """
tr	PRES	 Missing librarian . 
te	PRES	"He just watches and waits for something else to happen to her . """
tr	PRES	He sees in the dark and I am part of the dark .
tr	PRES	The memo clearly indicates that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting terrorists .
tr	PRES	' My entire life flashing before my eyes ? '
va	PRES	" Not all of us took sewing , ok ?
tr	PAST	Leon faltered , alarmed .
tr	PAST	I feared it meant we were heading to Langley , which would be bad .
tr	PRES	Drake on the other hand invites me to his room in an effort to pick my brain for hours .
tr	PAST	He scooted his body up , so he was facing her , seated on the floor of the boat .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth against the pain in my shoulder and yanked my foot free , but not before ripping the hem of my jeans .
tr	PRES	 No sweat Lori and I know what we 're up against ."
tr	PRES	Every story of mine begins as nothing more than a simple Notepad file and then saved until completion before it 's revised .
tr	PRES	She walks around to where Ronan stands .
tr	PRES	 Charges fill the air , a storm approaches . 
tr	PRES	" Poor wounded warrior .
te	PRES	He winces as he pulls himself back up to his feet .
te	PAST	Half a dozen lockers lined the left wall , and I opened the one Noelle pointed to .
te	PRES	Best sandwich in the city . "
tr	PRES	" Nice try , Sonia .
tr	PAST	I inched backward , very slowly , not making a sound , until I was near the edge of the cotton .
tr	PAST	Her enthusiasm acted as one hell of a payoff for his patience .
tr	PAST	* Ben Adams pondered the news from Stephanie .
tr	PRES	 Coming sweetie . """
tr	PRES	One press of a button , the stake flips over and a silver blade comes out .
te	PRES	Evangeline , or Eva for short , approaches me and bows once in the same way the servants had downstairs .
tr	PRES	 You idiot ! 
tr	PRES	He returns his attention to the window and my heart sinks in my chest , knowing there 's something he 's not telling me .
tr	PRES	I couldn 't wait to watch the black creature inside him wiggle to the surface and struggle for breath .
te	PRES	Even more than the guns , those dogs terrified her .
tr	PRES	Serena returns the scowl , then looks at Kai 's legs , bare from the knee down .
tr	PRES	I shake my head and smile to myself , Coop still refuses to call him Ryder .
tr	PRES	"Did it not even occur to you ? """
tr	PRES	"It was a huge hit , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	When my hands collide with the water and smack it , droplets spray in every direction .
tr	PRES	The other barons rule petty villages .
tr	PRES	She sighs pacing back and forth in front of them .
te	PRES	Ares laughs wildly consumed with the bloodlust of battle as he turns towards Nike who is still busy fighting Eris .
tr	PRES	" A vision to another world lies in plain sight , wonder and amazement to behold .
tr	PAST	I cleaned his face and arms , working my way to his hands , which looked like they actually hurt .
tr	PAST	Are you barefoot ? "
tr	PRES	She wipes at her eyes with a wad of toilet paper .
tr	PRES	"Just stands there , "" answered the guard to the left ."
tr	PRES	His eyes wander on to the open door from the kitchen to the short hall and the outside light shining through .
tr	PRES	Only if she liked all of a band 's demo songs sufficiently would she checkout their live show .
tr	PRES	The door recognizes me and lets me out , and I weep silently in the lift , which takes me to the ground , unasked .
tr	PRES	" If Bella wants to work -  "" No , it 's okay , Mrs. Newton ."
tr	PRES	 No argument there . 
te	PRES	"I do hope my detailed instruction files will help you to acquaint yourself with your biosynthetic augmentations , "" Doctor Hartman states calmly ."
tr	PRES	 Another crown ? 
te	PRES	Lucy standing over them joins in the chant .
tr	PRES	His hand falls to the side .
tr	PRES	Except for stick doughnuts .
tr	PRES	Evie gasped , alarm bells ringing in her ears .
tr	PRES	Shaking her head , she lies down in the bed beside me so we 're lying on the mattress , facing each other .
tr	PRES	After a few measured bites , she stopped suddenly , her fork halfway to her face .
tr	PRES	Okay , I screwed up .
va	PRES	But my body throbs .
tr	PRES	 Grace , really , you and me horseback riding ? 
tr	PRES	"You ruined my life ! """
tr	PRES	I am a knight , Herr 'D on .
tr	PRES	" Goddamn Weekday Warriors .
tr	PRES	You belong to me . "
te	PRES	 How embarrassing ,  she whispers .
tr	PRES	 Lake , I already miss you ,  he whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	 What you have to say affects all of us . 
tr	PRES	I pictured Dai Li 's gleaming red eyes and swallowed uneasily .
te	PRES	 That 's from Trace , she misses you . 
tr	PRES	 Sammy , you forgave me for that . 
tr	PRES	I punch Eddie again and again , but he 's picking me up off my feet and running me backwards .
te	PRES	Luke snorts a laugh as he spills some tequila onto the ground .
tr	PRES	 Is your sister really here , Byron ? 
tr	PRES	 You aren 't to be believed ,  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Around her neck was a necklace of a single piece of jet set in a gold surround , and she had similar jet earrings in her ears .
tr	PRES	 Then why all the extra tests ? 
tr	PRES	One flick of the wrist , and she could slit his throat .
tr	PRES	Gavin being closest to the door bobs up off his chair and darts for the door quickly disappearing through it .
va	PRES	"Hold still , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	" To the brim .
tr	PAST	Once everything was mixed together he served them lunch .
tr	PRES	Lake lays her burger down on her plate and clears her throat .
tr	PRES	The other soldier pushes people back with his rifle .
tr	PAST	His flying slowed as he eased down toward the brigade , flying above them .
tr	PRES	The Director responds ,  Just so , approve ."
tr	PRES	 He loves your mother . 
te	PRES	The empty face at my feet , the details of the wound -- crisper , brighter than they could possibly be .
tr	PRES	He wraps the towel around me and rubs my shoulders with strong , sure fingers , and the tension releases .
tr	PRES	 I didn 't realize you were so agile ,  Anne Marie teased .
tr	PRES	He opens the door , leaving me no time to reply .
tr	PRES	The headlights shone across the gravel but didn 't quite touch the end of the bridge .
tr	PRES	"She tries her best to stay out of their business . """
tr	PRES	And instantly the old man ceases to be alone .
tr	PRES	The phone buzzes again .
tr	PRES	Stern and terrible shone that face that the sunset lit with fire .
tr	PRES	 I disagree . 
tr	PRES	 Stop ,  I warn .
va	PRES	The two vanish into the darkness .
tr	PRES	" Ah , look , buddy - His gaze was locked on her lips .
tr	PAST	Oakes gritted his teeth and pounded the console .
tr	PRES	 It 's time to end the silly fight , "" Crazy Aunt Letty states nonchalantly ."
tr	PRES	 The Major . 
tr	PRES	Graduate school in biology tends to be a paid position .
tr	PRES	Zero points for a zero brain on Dirk , again .
tr	PRES	"She deserves to know who she is , the blood that runs through her veins , the reason for her absence . """
tr	PRES	Connor 's hand on my shoulder stops me .
tr	PRES	The plane 's door quickly opens and a flight of metal stairs descends .
tr	PRES	Three strikes bite into his back this time , and his endurance is gone as he whimpers helplessly at the hands of the savage woman .
te	PRES	I mumbled as her footsteps started away .
tr	PRES	Then , in a blinding flash , his face begins to glow .
va	PRES	Luca hops off the bike on his boot side and waits for me to get under his arm .
tr	PRES	"Mostly we steal it from - "" I spun around and nearly yanked her to her feet ... at a police station , no less ."
te	PRES	"She loves me so much that even after everything that I did to her , Rachel couldn 't bring herself to kill me . """
tr	PRES	Emma begins to thumb through the piles -- it 's mostly just family history things .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist as I raise mine around his shoulders and we embrace again .
tr	PRES	His hand strokes my cheek again .
tr	PRES	Robbie holds up the morning newspaper .
va	PRES	' Beautiful , intelligent , and with a fighting spirit I admire .
tr	PRES	 A possibility . 
tr	PRES	Her face , her body , everything about her looked delicate , breakable .
tr	PRES	Moving his face away , he holds my face in his hands .
tr	PRES	Loki floats watching him with new found respect for a second before answering .
tr	PRES	He whispers and I nod and so does Andrew .
tr	PRES	Adel sees red and jumps over the counter and shoves the man down .
tr	PRES	 Everyone will know someone beat the shit out of you when you can 't go to work for a couple of weeks , you idiot . 
tr	PRES	I shout and Shark crouches , cups his hands together , holds them out for me to step into .
va	PRES	Imagined grey shapes slipping away at the edges .
tr	PRES	He saw only the usual patterns , and so sauntered out , his cloak swishing around his boots .
tr	PRES	That alone highlights how different they are .
tr	PRES	Whether yours will be for good or ill , remains in your hands .
tr	PRES	"' ' Looks like they forgot one . """
tr	PRES	Decent , thoughtful , polite .
tr	PRES	 Can you teach me ? 
tr	PRES	 Three cups of the vat . 
tr	PRES	It slams shut and I smack into it , making a loud thud .
tr	PRES	He nods in return .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything for you , and I should have told you .
tr	PAST	They emerged into a steep upland covered with a kind of turf which would have been very like grass but that there was more blue in it .
tr	PAST	The chains circled his hands and his feet , but the shackles just seemed ... ridiculous on him .
tr	PRES	This concludes the sharing portion of our evening , and now we shall commence with the lovemaking . "
tr	PRES	 Oh , We have presents . 
tr	PRES	My mom 's SUV stands in the garage when I get home .
tr	PRES	She dreaded the task and knew she 'd put it off until the very last moment .
va	PRES	 Ah ... fuck ! 
tr	PRES	" I assume whoever killed Hawthorne took all of his valuables .
tr	PAST	Seventeen Too edgy to stay still , Daemon prowled the room that opened onto the flagstone terrace at the back of the Hall .
tr	PRES	A small bit of vomit rises to the back of my throat .
tr	PRES	Jeremy chuckles from beside me ,  Guessing you didn 't know from that look on your face ? """
tr	PRES	He stands way too close and smells way too good .
tr	PRES	 No overkill there . 
te	PRES	"She likes to hold hands when we go to the movies . """
tr	PRES	It sends a shiver through me .
tr	PRES	Lily leapt up as if his touch were burning her .
tr	PRES	He grants that you are unlikely to have poisoned yourself .
tr	PRES	My knees weaken at the memory of him kneeling in front of me , his hands on my thighs , his tongue deep inside my sex .
tr	PRES	 I assume you 're not making secret plans to become a vampire ? 
tr	PRES	Something cold pushes violently back against my energy .
tr	PRES	" Trent barely speaks to me .
va	PAST	Chapter Seventeen After the officer dropped me off at home , I staggered back to bed and had a fitful sleep .
va	PRES	She pulls her hand away .
va	PRES	 The RG always matters ."
tr	PRES	 Yesterday morning , a few minutes before noon . 
va	PRES	 Poor bike . 
tr	PRES	Big New York businessman who had funneled his funds through glorified ponzi schemes .
tr	PRES	A basketball player who only has to go to Big and Tall stores that we even have here in southeastern Washington .
te	PRES	The moon shone bright for a second illuminating ' snake arms ' waving frantically and shouting at the men in the village .
te	PRES	I race across the parking lot , but she cranks the engine before I 'm even halfway to her car .
tr	PRES	... Professor Kale introduces himself .
tr	PRES	 Request a transfer ,  Gage suggests .
tr	PRES	"What kinds of gifts ? """
tr	PRES	Bright spots danced and shimmered before her eyes .
tr	PRES	Beginning to ride away , she suddenly stops .
tr	PRES	Gage helps steady my hand while he glues the other side .
tr	PRES	 Awesome , will you excuse me please , Brittany ? 
tr	PRES	When we hear slow footsteps from inside , Elliott shifts from one foot to the other .
tr	PRES	 Yeah ,  he sighs , growing distant .
te	PRES	He climbs the rampart and strides to the lookout .
tr	PRES	 The one who went mi --  She doesn 't finish the sentence , but her bottom lip starts trembling .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me in my panic that Grinder is in the house .
tr	PRES	 In any case , my patience wears thin . 
tr	PRES	A dull laugh rattles from me .
tr	PRES	The Detachment holds their breath , and for good reason .
tr	PRES	"' Twenty-eight days , "" mumbled Denison ."
tr	PRES	 Mrs. Ivory ? 
te	PRES	 I think we shall give him to the leech , it likes company . 
tr	PRES	"I crave you , Reyes , every part of you . """
tr	PRES	One shelf contains a beautiful wooden chest .
tr	PRES	" So , Sir , what was it like , eh ?
tr	PRES	Red orbs light up all around us .
tr	PRES	Almost every plane allows sand to exist inside it for purpose of substance and ground to exist .
tr	PRES	 He 's a hormone on wheels , "" I correct ."
tr	PRES	Rex grins and stands up to leave .
te	PRES	He releases a stressed breath then nods .
tr	PRES	Logan pans over the bowling alley until his eyes snag on a bunch of cheerleaders from West .
va	PRES	I naturally lean in to kiss her , but she shakes her head and backs her face away from mine .
tr	PRES	 One moment you feel there is no hope , no way out , and the next , the entire world opens up for you . 
tr	PRES	The closer to Christmas it got , the more lights shone on the small paths leading through the mountain village of Saint Peter .
te	PRES	I lean down and press a kiss to her forehead .
va	PRES	" Our worst fate lies in survival within in his hands -- we must consider death 's other option .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's stomach swirled .
tr	PRES	Tell it as must , the rhythm solid in the shape .
tr	PAST	I inhaled as much water as I did oxygen , fatigue wrapping itself around my limbs , my mind .
tr	PAST	He extended an open palm to me .
tr	PRES	 Okay , Thelma , can I get you a refill ? """
tr	PRES	"He brings me fashion magazines and we discuss them . """
te	PRES	I provide him with all kinds of stimuli , both mental and physical .
tr	PRES	She collects the remote from the armrest and aims it at the television , muting it .
va	PRES	He stares so intently into my eyes , and then rests his forehead against mine .
tr	PRES	Cricket pushes a napkin toward me to blow my nose .
tr	PRES	The balloon now lies horizontal in the field .
tr	PRES	' Teach them whatever kind you like .
tr	PRES	 Let me see , sweetheart . 
tr	PRES	We pile out and I walk between Quinn and Gavin as we meet Dante and Reece at the door .
tr	PRES	 I don 't think we should risk it ,  I mumbled under my breath .
te	PRES	 Are ye bein ' sarcastic ? 
tr	PRES	 To make sure nobody sees me . 
tr	PRES	 Usual kindly self . 
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to talk , but then Dallas calls to us from the front door .
tr	PRES	We exist outside of time .
tr	PRES	She pushes herself into his path , and he scratches behind her ears .
tr	PRES	He tries to communicate again as he opens his mouth .
tr	PRES	She storms ahead of me , red heels clicking on the tile .
tr	PRES	 The dorms . 
tr	PRES	JT disappears into the back of the store .
tr	PRES	He sighs and starts walking .
tr	PRES	"Perhaps you two should take some time for , um ... a stroll . """
tr	PRES	 Funny you care more about Stella than your own lungs ,  I tease .
tr	PRES	I looked down at him , my face expressionless .
tr	PRES	 And what about the tapes ? 
tr	PRES	A man bursts into the room , behind the alien .
va	PRES	She stops and stands by the watermelon rind .
tr	PRES	 Not exactly ,  I evaded .
va	PRES	 Thank you , my Lord ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	" Almost every week , we discover something else about you .
tr	PAST	I backtracked to the market thinking I must have missed him , missed something anyway .
tr	PAST	The burns extended beyond his cheek .
tr	PRES	 Especially with me , "" booms Benjamin , pushing to his feet ."
tr	PRES	"Is your feud more powerful than your feelings for Evangel - "" The sudden halting of her tirade arrested everyone in the hallway ."
tr	PRES	 Jet Clarence ? 
va	PRES	Broken , bloody , lifeless body .
tr	PRES	 On it , Tess . 
tr	PRES	He contented himself with looking at her .
tr	PRES	"Now , if you could just join us , and tell us how many seats we need to find in the vehicles . """
tr	PRES	' And no disease or illness .
tr	PRES	He likes put on Scottish airs every now and again .
tr	PRES	 Molly Pepper . 
tr	PRES	The door recognizes him , too , even after all these turns .
te	PRES	He raises an eyebrow .
va	PRES	Rage that has always been a part of me pushes to the surface .
tr	PRES	A tiny green bug perched on her wrist , blinking erratically .
te	PRES	"Madeline deserves to know what happened , don 't you think ? """
tr	PRES	 No , she 's been coming for about a year and a half , but my mom usually picks her up ,  Noah explains .
tr	PRES	Mr. and Mrs. Lie !
tr	PRES	"God helps those who help themselves . """
tr	PRES	Victoria wears her mask .
tr	PRES	Julia arches an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	 There remains a fundamental flaw to your reasoning . 
tr	PRES	The light throws disturbing shadows from the man 's face .
tr	PRES	Nope , just avoiding desperate men .
va	PRES	The king grants audience liberally .
tr	PRES	Jacey holds my hand and tears stream down her face as she listens to me rail and vent and swear .
tr	PRES	 Shit  she mumbled as she started to see darkness .
tr	PRES	" Oh , she eats .
te	PRES	Sometimes the pressure hurts , but the shame is worse .
te	PRES	They rented an apartment .
te	PRES	Before she answered I leapt up and ran into Ron 's bathroom .
te	PRES	 It sure does , Aunt Caroline ."
tr	PRES	Everyone freezes in awe at this unbelievable site .
tr	PRES	You fetch Coulter ; I 'll get Tanu .
tr	PRES	"And risking my life for that fucking crown so that we could finally have peace . """
tr	PRES	"Besides , he repairs the watches and jewellery . """
tr	PRES	"You ruined it ! """
te	PRES	Two journeys he probably had not intended to make .
tr	PRES	Marae stands in front of one of the control panels .
tr	PRES	He stops , grits his teeth , and then a sound like a murmur in a cavern comes out of his mouth .
tr	PRES	If you approve turning them loose , of course .
tr	PRES	 And what of Cesare ? 
tr	PRES	 What panel ? 
tr	PRES	Simply twisting the knob and strolling right in habitually , Link only considers knocking after the door is swinging open .
te	PRES	 Of course , silly . 
tr	PRES	Collet , the daughter , introduces me to her mother .
tr	PRES	They are so real , they scare him .
te	PRES	 Dr. P ,  I mumble .
te	PRES	He bursts out laughing despite himself .
tr	PRES	Here lies the body of Erasmus Throckmorton .
tr	PRES	I wipe my cheeks with the heels of my hands , frustrated .
tr	PRES	She points her gun at the lock .
tr	PRES	"He hates me . """
tr	PRES	She joins me at the window .
te	PRES	She frowns as I reach out to touch the back of her hand .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that , thus far , my role as ambassador hasn 't been as cushy as one might expect .
tr	PRES	 Now listen to me ,  scolded Jack .
tr	PRES	He frowns as he walks beside me .
tr	PRES	"How to direct it . """
te	PRES	"Mason nods , "" Who 's the dude ? """
tr	PRES	You owe me a kiss . '
tr	PRES	He wears a bold blue robe trimmed in silver .
tr	PRES	" Who cares what he thinks ?
va	PRES	 Let 's go find that book you wanted , "" Marco hauled Ashe away from the reference section ."
tr	PRES	Meredith exclaims with exasperation .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
te	PRES	"Ten years with him and then - poof . """
tr	PRES	 Please , Kiran ,  I begged .
tr	PRES	 Please don 't kill me ,  she begged .
te	PRES	Alec opens a filing cabinet a few feet from me .
tr	PRES	"Contents Chapter Six "" My two favourite heroes ; slide inside and begin the ride . """
tr	PRES	It vibrates strongly with the force .
tr	PRES	 It 's that raven ,  she whispers .
te	PRES	Blake 's shout jerked Gavin back to the present .
tr	PRES	 I like this ,  Ethan murmurs , his voice low and gravelly as he plays with the little silver hoop .
tr	PRES	He kneels in front of it to get more balance .
te	PRES	' Actually , they 're not at all what they seem , ' Freak whispers to me mysteriously , making an odd twirling of his hands .
tr	PRES	" As soon as I am in the air the stairs vanish .
tr	PRES	' Isn 't it wonderful , Carey ? '
tr	PRES	The primary care of young Harrison falls to the nanny .
tr	PRES	All lies , natch ' rly .
tr	PRES	Dark hair falls into his eyes .
tr	PAST	I squealed , rushing into the front of the store .
tr	PRES	The waning moon shone on his dark suit and caught the dark edge of the scar along his cheek .
tr	PRES	 And vice versa . """
tr	PRES	 Of course ,  Emma whispers as she turns towards the door .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands , surrendering .
te	PRES	 Yeah , see you around , Eva . 
tr	PRES	" And you stink .
tr	PRES	And one hell of a kinky slut .
tr	PAST	' He wanted your body , ' Gabriel derived from her silence .
tr	PAST	A perfectly matched pair of fakes .
tr	PAST	Who stole your balls and how do I get them back for you ? "
tr	PRES	You cheat at dice , you counterfeit money , and you 're unscrupulous with married women .
tr	PRES	Her hands tremble , so she squeezes them into fists and rubs them against her thighs .
va	PRES	He glances at one of the readouts on his control console and nods to himself .
tr	PRES	 Holy cow ! 
va	PRES	 Karen Woods ? 
te	PRES	' You claim never to have used that name .
tr	PRES	 But , Aunt Letty , I never talk to him ,  I blurt with exasperation .
tr	PRES	In his rush to pick up the ball , he loses control of it and it bounces away .
tr	PRES	Not for us , Ruby Child .
tr	PRES	He glides through the people , his haunting smile fixated on me .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the door handle .
tr	PRES	 Fuck me , Zeke . 
tr	PRES	Malcolm holds the woman by the shoulders , talking to her , asking her questions .
va	PRES	Mina nods , though her eyes are larger than usual .
tr	PRES	With each song that Cole plays the beat picks up .
tr	PRES	He points his flashlight at the ceiling and looks up .
tr	PRES	They exist because of the pride of fall en angels .
tr	PRES	Guards outside on Chestnut ?
tr	PRES	In an instant he falls asleep .
tr	PRES	" Truly , I 'll be fine , Ashton .
tr	PRES	 Very fortunate . """
tr	PRES	She brings new blood so they can continue .
te	PRES	Max winks at her , and she grins .
va	PRES	Dad glares at him , but he doesn 't move his hand from mine .
tr	PRES	She sets her jaw with defiance .
tr	PRES	It roars again , this time almost gleefully , and then its body lances upwards , all its tiny arms grasping at the air .
te	PRES	" The man wouldn 't speak , lass .
tr	PRES	He throws his arm around the shoulders of the girl before he leads toward me .
tr	PAST	They matched her own ; every wrinkle was the residue of how they 'd lived and what they 'd gained and lost .
tr	PRES	 Hey Mitch "" he mumbled ."
te	PRES	Looking out the doorway , she sees two strange beings with her sheep .
tr	PRES	Scary , but impressive .
tr	PRES	 Not in this lifetime , Tynan . 
tr	PRES	Apart from all the pointy things that had Sarah licking her lips nervously the item which caught her attention was the buckle on his belt .
tr	PRES	"Not all of them click . """
tr	PRES	" Oh , don 't say such a thing , Ken .
tr	PRES	 You belong to me now ."
te	PRES	" Dammit , sorry bro .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand .
tr	PAST	He slapped her and she fell to the ground .
tr	PRES	 She is nothing to me , "" he snaps with a careless gesture of one hand ."
tr	PRES	That pretty much sums up everything I know and I 've never talked to her to be my own judge .
tr	PRES	"As I let go and make my leave , I mutter , "" God bless you , Father Robert ."
tr	PRES	 Milk or orange juice ? 
tr	PRES	Instead , I wove my fingers through his .
tr	PRES	Olivia catches on , answering with an exaggerated frown .
va	PRES	"He opens one of the books in front of him and says , "" Read this . """
tr	PRES	 And don 't worry , I 'll hold your hand the entire time , so you won 't get lost ,  he teased .
tr	PRES	He moves his hands to take mine , kissing them softly , before sitting back on his heels .
tr	PRES	"It wil be fun . """
tr	PRES	"# "" Okay , okay , truce ! """
tr	PRES	"Voice hoarse , he said , "" If you 'll let him be . """
tr	PRES	 Look in the backseat ,  he murmurs .
tr	PRES	 Devouring nothing , but giving of themselves endlessly to light the lives of others . 
va	PRES	He stretches me open , pushing slowly but surely until he 's all the way in .
tr	PRES	He proceeds toward a stone fireplace and lights the logs .
tr	PRES	When I stop , the light stops .
tr	PRES	"Then , more strongly , urgently , "" How about you ?"
tr	PRES	Behind us , the highway stretches on , but I don 't need it .
tr	PRES	 Lost means I know where I 'm going ,  I snap .
tr	PRES	its thanks 2 u the fans that I have an awesome job .
tr	PRES	I shout , and slam my fist into the bed .
va	PRES	Silvery light shone through it , overpowering the green glow .
tr	PRES	Some people revel in the agony of a broken heart .
tr	PRES	 Because I don 't recall any complaints at the time . 
tr	PRES	 I assume you mean that word in my defense . 
tr	PRES	Says Mitch suddenly , stiffening in his seat .
tr	PRES	" As my champion you represent the Queen .
tr	PRES	Well , at least not without totally creeping him out .
tr	PAST	To convince him that was all in the past , I scooted up and brushed my lips against his raspy jaw .
tr	PRES	 Matt Baker ? """
tr	PRES	The mud cushions the fall , but I 'm covered in muck .
tr	PRES	 It helps calm my nerves , that 's all . 
tr	PRES	But for Ben to call me something like that ... suddenly it mattered .
tr	PRES	The pain in his voice undeniable .
tr	PRES	 The offer remains if you happen to change your mind . 
te	PRES	He reaches for my hands .
tr	PRES	 Please , Sir ,  I plead .
tr	PRES	" Apparently she likes pieces of crap .
tr	PRES	Jael slides to his feet .
tr	PAST	 Oh please come , "" An auburn haired woman wearing square glasses said ."
tr	PRES	 What clinic ? 
tr	PRES	He led me out of the store , the minute we exited the cameras stormed at us , the flashes like miniature lightning strikes lighting our path .
tr	PRES	 Well , I assume that 's what Siobhan meant when we said we needed milk and she referenced the goat . 
tr	PRES	Unless I know what I owe him in return .
tr	PRES	 She talks . 
tr	PRES	It draws itself in and is no longer the snapping disembodied head in a cloud , now ; it forms a solid core to stand before me .
va	PRES	 Is there some kind of contest to see who carries home the richest prize at the end of the evening ? 
tr	PRES	Exactly halfway up the block .
tr	PRES	Tad points towards a long stretch of homes .
va	PRES	 And you ken what I will want of you ? 
tr	PRES	"' ' I like how you say borrow . """
te	PRES	Turning my head to the side , I deepen the kiss and lean into Trick .
tr	PRES	 And that pirate ? 
tr	PRES	 Afraid not ,  the man sighs , shaking his head at the welcome alternative .
tr	PRES	I flick my tongue across his swollen head .
va	PRES	After backing up slowly , the car vibrates as I make a right turn onto the main road and head to the office .
tr	PRES	demanded Billy , defensively , sounding rather put out about being excluded .
tr	PRES	" No , Mommy never lets me dress her up .
tr	PRES	 The boy who will breathe out souls ."
tr	PRES	 That 's this year 's Rodeo Queen ,  Gabe explains .
tr	PRES	Unifying our magic , he draws from the power in the air and erects a hasty but sturdy barrier around us .
tr	PRES	' All day I pluck their petals .
te	PRES	In the binoculars the lines twisted , folding in and out , new colors emerging .
tr	PRES	"I assume you still have not found her . """
tr	PRES	She digs the bal out of the goal and drops it back down in the middle of the table , and we start playing again .
tr	PRES	The world keeps getting bigger .
tr	PRES	" Go fetch them now .
tr	PRES	His soul shone so brightly that even that one kiss was enough to taste his energy .
tr	PRES	Can you endure it until we reach a hospital in the morning ? "
tr	PRES	 You snuck our money out ? 
tr	PRES	"This doesn 't look good , "" Navi murmurs , studying the damage but keeping her distance ."
tr	PRES	The figure bolted upright in the seat as soon as Jackson looked towards him .
te	PRES	 A kick in the groin . 
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me , alleviating a small amount of pain .
tr	PRES	Mile long runs in the morning finally drove the memory of the painful recovery away .
tr	PRES	Her green eyes shone with the truth of her statement .
te	PRES	"Did Beth steal him ? """
tr	PRES	Zander pushes the door open and tows me into the room where Oscar waits for us .
tr	PRES	"Sleep overcoming her , she finished on a whispered sigh , "" My puppy always brings you to me . """
tr	PRES	"No one likes tonguing an ashtray . """
tr	PRES	The moon offers a very dim glow , shrouded in thick cloud cover .
tr	PRES	" When you work for the Chi the excitement never stops .
tr	PAST	He twirled his towel , thoughtful as he snapped it into the air .
tr	PAST	I willed the college girl to stand up , to say something .
tr	PRES	 We all do , Natalie ."
tr	PRES	Doc rolls his eyes .
tr	PRES	Beth wraps her arms around me .
tr	PRES	He begins reading in a language that I can 't understand .
tr	PRES	Dr. Jess Cromwell 's research summary inside .
tr	PRES	" Never you idiot priest !
tr	PRES	 Of course we do , Harmonia ."
tr	PRES	Never , ever hesitate .
tr	PRES	 But surely it keeps you occupied and gives you a chance to meet people , stops you ending up talking to yourself and going insane  .
va	PRES	He exhales one last time and then he is gone .
tr	PRES	Now with Anita in her lab , Dr. Worth scores points for supporting women in science and for supporting African Americans in science .
va	PRES	Emma falls down into an endless darkness .
tr	PRES	"As I said , only fools refuse to put their pride aside . """
tr	PRES	Her hand twitches , itching to leave the court and retrieve her property .
te	PRES	 We 'll get through this somehow ,  I comforted him patting him on the back .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , and his green eyes fix on mine , serious .
te	PRES	Then , if what we did wasn 't really very admirable , we tend to forget that it ever happened .
va	PRES	" What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	So , I charged at them with my axes held at my sides .
tr	PAST	 You enquired where they might have obtained the watch ? """
tr	PRES	My mom glances at me .
tr	PRES	She blames him for the stepfather , s rages .
tr	PRES	Peter opens the door to the incinerator .
tr	PRES	"Evil barbarian viper ! """
tr	PRES	 What an awesome pet these lizards would make if we weren 't trying to eat them to survive ,  he comments .
tr	PRES	 Miss -  There was another distant pop , small and insignificant sounding .
tr	PRES	 Whatever you need to think to feel better about it ,  I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	 Tried to ,  repeats Amar .
tr	PRES	I kil ed Anderson to protect you .
va	PRES	It sees me , veering fast in my direction .
tr	PRES	The alligator slows down but keeps moving towards them .
tr	PRES	Alec chuckles as he steps inside and lets the door shut behind him .
tr	PRES	The yard light , attached near the top of a power line pole , shone brightly about and wires from the pole drifted lazily toward the house .
tr	PRES	Instinctively I whirl around just in time to see Mr. Owens smash his fist into Kayden 's face .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , the bag moves .
tr	PRES	 Kentucky 's state motto United We Stand Divided We Fall  pretty well sums up my feelings on the matter .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around herself and in the moonlight ; I can see that she 's smiling .
va	PRES	She sat up , naked , her body tattoos glowing blue in the moonlight .
tr	PRES	He mumbled the Rosary prayer .
te	PRES	He reaches out and forcefully lowers the Detective 's arm and gun to neutralize the threat of another rogue shot .
va	PRES	And one who is going to be a famous engineer . '
tr	PRES	He awakened and dropped off to sleep again .
va	PRES	" Spread through bites .
va	PAST	You  ll all die , "" Rhea assured and raised her wand ."
tr	PRES	He removes his rubber gloves and starts to round up his briefcase .
tr	PRES	Instead , I crash straight into a rock solid chest .
tr	PRES	His body tense with exhaustion and worry .
te	PRES	Mark disconnected the call and looked over at Gillette .
te	PRES	Senseless violence surrounded life in the West , gunfire being an ordinary occurrence in every town .
te	PRES	As soon as he 'd used her camera he whipped a mobile phone out of his shirt pocket and clicked off another shot of them .
tr	PRES	" And no cool scars , just a hand in a cast for six weeks .
tr	PRES	 ... The president has also rejected the mercy petition of another man who was sentenced to death for raping and killing a three-year-old ."
tr	PRES	 Did you succeed ? 
tr	PRES	I moan as he takes a long lick of me , pulling my legs apart and repositioning his body between them .
tr	PRES	Her face becomes serious .
tr	PRES	The raccoon stops hissing , but still looks mortified .
tr	PRES	He stares at her arm .
va	PRES	 What brings you out at this hour , Ross ? 
tr	PRES	I hiss into his ear .
va	PRES	He flicks his tongue across my aching clit , sending jolts of rapture through every inch of me .
tr	PRES	" And just how do you intend to make me scream , Maxim ?
tr	PRES	 What about Cronus ?"
tr	PRES	" Whenever anyone experienced tough times , my grandmother had a saying that , ' the birds always sing after the rain . '
tr	PRES	 Not boyish at all . """
tr	PRES	" Because you 're the angel expert .
tr	PAST	If she noticed them looking , she acted like she didn 't .
tr	PAST	Graham 's bellow rocketed through the house .
tr	PAST	 He ruled a long time though . """
va	PRES	He whispers into the radio .
tr	PRES	My heart beats faster now , for I am well aware of what happens to those who refuse him .
te	PRES	 You fold ? 
tr	PRES	Olivia stops trying to pull away from me and starts whispering .
tr	PRES	 What the heck ! 
tr	PRES	she mouths at Jack .
tr	PRES	He returns moments later , defeat in his eyes .
te	PRES	 Certainly , Partner Elijah . 
te	PRES	"Says I 'll be fine . """
tr	PRES	Light bursts through the dark face , then through his fingertips .
tr	PRES	 Mrs. Curtis ? 
tr	PRES	 Please ... spare my passengers ... let them go to the escape pods ... please ,  Richard begs .
tr	PRES	 Ain 't you a charmer ! 
tr	PRES	"When you do that I can feel the barrier weaken . """
te	PRES	" Because I know you like her , Kane .
tr	PRES	I lean my back against Bilal 's broad stomach as it moves in and out in the slow , peaceful rhythm of sleep .
tr	PRES	 Not so easy , Scar ."
te	PRES	A smile that has no joy stretches my lips .
tr	PRES	" I assume you can find him at home .
tr	PRES	Cherie delights in watching the sparrows hop around before taking flight once more .
tr	PAST	Rachel sobbed , and nodded , and Jason felt his stomach drop like an elevator .
tr	PRES	Did they belong to you ? "
tr	PRES	Anthony stands close to me and my pulse quickens .
tr	PRES	 Chaos ,  I echo .
va	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	I recall the explanation from the nurse .
tr	PRES	"Sorry I overreacted . """
tr	PRES	I swing around , startled , and am face-to-face with the handler .
va	PRES	 Making the big bucks today , eh Ms. Crowley ? 
tr	PRES	In my pity , I snuck him food and listened to him talk about magic and legends and war .
tr	PRES	 But for some reason , he tastes like pickles . 
tr	PRES	He reaches down and lifts off the tank top I slept in .
tr	PRES	 It falls in with Reasoning . 
tr	PRES	"He talks straight , and he isn 't afraid to have you talk straight back to him . """
tr	PRES	Eight sighs with good-natured disappointment .
tr	PRES	A minute later , Keller arrives with his goons and they strap in across from me .
tr	PRES	It reminds us of how ephemeral these coats of flesh really are , especially when there 's someone your own age involved .
tr	PRES	 You 're mine ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , and smiles .
tr	PRES	As soon as it turns she releases her battle cry .
tr	PRES	My heart rate slows , steadies , my nerves dissipate .
tr	PRES	Her mouth twitches before she reaches out to hug me suddenly .
tr	PRES	 Charlotte ,  he rasped again , his voice even weaker than before , blood bubbling out of his lips .
tr	PRES	"Purple brings out your eyes . """
tr	PRES	Sydney spins me around , grabs the straps around my wrists , and cuts them away .
tr	PRES	he mumbled with a smile against my mouth .
te	PRES	She draws in another breath and finally giggles .
tr	PRES	 Can you overdose ? 
tr	PRES	I claim too quickly , my voice shrill .
tr	PRES	"He didn "" t know ."
tr	PRES	Sometimes it helps , but you 'd be surprised how that racket carries .
tr	PRES	Not unto us , O Lord .
tr	PRES	Enzo stays where he is , his expression guarded , his eyes trained on the Spider 's back , thinking .
tr	PRES	We file out of the van and I wave her off .
tr	PRES	He lays his head back onto the sofa and glances up at me .
va	PRES	So I insult you . '
tr	PRES	Holding out her hand , a bar of soap floats from the shelf to it .
tr	PRES	 And Scarlett ? 
tr	PRES	 Sidney Sheldon . 
te	PRES	" That looks like a very old sign ,  Michael said , "" Shall we tempt fate and ignore it ? """
tr	PRES	He glances in my eyes for a second , then shuts his He glances in my eyes for a second , then shuts his own .
tr	PRES	That she made the first move to touch me causes me so much relief .
tr	PRES	 Your prom ? 
tr	PRES	"July the second , to be exact . """
va	PRES	 Killing Drake . 
tr	PRES	And the body language !
tr	PRES	They disappear every once in a while , but then find their way back to the floor dancing and laughing .
tr	PRES	" How generous of you .
tr	PRES	 I 'm trying , "" I mutter , sucking air ."
te	PRES	Turning , she sees Bader and Table and waves .
te	PRES	He winks at Charlie letting him know he 'll be in the next room .
tr	PRES	The assassination attempts , maybe , or maybe something else .
tr	PRES	"Did they develop AIDS ? """
tr	PRES	 Ted , honestly , what else can we do ? 
te	PRES	 The rainbows ? 
tr	PRES	He hates that I go out with the Keepers .
tr	PRES	He brings out emotions in her that she never knew were there .
tr	PRES	Crying over the burns of one dead girl , the old man pushes the tears off his face .
tr	PRES	"Her temper tantrums - "" Their conversation was interrupted ."
tr	PRES	Realm lets out a soft laugh , clinging to me tightly .
tr	PRES	 Maybe kinda ? 
tr	PRES	Blood drips from her head .
tr	PRES	Amber reaches out and takes my hand , squeezing it as she continues racing down the driveway .
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to being a freaking nightmare of a day , and I tugged her against me , kissing her with mindless abandon .
tr	PRES	 You belong to a concentration camp . 
tr	PRES	Kai attempts to help her , but his trident is too easily knocked aside and his breathing is labored .
tr	PRES	Brand sighs and takes a bite of his food .
tr	PRES	' Oh dear me , Nightingale ... you really are out of your depth here .
tr	PRES	' And it suits you well .
tr	PRES	But once you pass this threshold , everything changes .
tr	PRES	 Thank God ,  Misty said , heartfelt .
tr	PRES	The truth that had sat so closely on my lips now shrinks away again , buried underneath my fears .
tr	PRES	Agent Gillett 's eyes hardened , and I saw again that purpose that had made me believe he would find my father 's killer .
tr	PRES	Anthony shapes it into a fist again .
tr	PRES	Helen whispers in Latin , and I feel my mouth go dry .
tr	PRES	 I 'm tired of being less than everyone else ,  he snaps .
tr	PRES	The eagle 's anguished cry causes me to whirl back toward him , but Stephan orders me to get our father and medical supplies .
tr	PRES	A handler walks in .
tr	PRES	' What a marvel ! '
tr	PRES	"But from where I 'm standing , competent enough . """
tr	PRES	 I like ropes ,  he teased her with the naughty grin he was so famous for .
tr	PRES	 Thanks for the gun ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	Emilie teased , clearly to lighten the subject .
te	PRES	" Morning , Mrs. Heath .  """
tr	PRES	One of the women falls to her knees before Elliott and tries to kiss his hand .
tr	PRES	The brand searches its own market .
va	PRES	"I suggest you get Nick in as well . """
tr	PRES	"It stands to reason its owners would want to be able to retrieve it if lost or stolen . """
tr	PRES	He still owes them two hundred dollars .
tr	PRES	Once again , the dim blue triangle fills his vision , and succumbing for only a moment , he quickly sets his mind back to the task .
te	PRES	"He sees her looking over someone 's chart and asks , "" May I speak with you for a moment ? """
tr	PRES	"She loves you . """
tr	PRES	 In the alley . 
tr	PRES	He leans forward suddenly .
tr	PRES	As the kitchen door closes behind her , she sees Charlie 's mother starting to hand out goblets for the juice .
tr	PRES	" If you want to stay with your friend , I wont stop you .
te	PAST	Her sheath clenched , melted , dripped wild honey , calling to him .
te	PRES	But I pray you , allow me first to speak with the King of Rohan , my neighbour , and once my friend .
te	PRES	Because I want to do just that , scornful laughter erupts from my throat .
te	PAST	 Wake me when the moon is at its zenith , "" he directed ."
tr	PRES	 The history of the Sun Stones . 
tr	PRES	The platonic friendship that builds between Annie and Heath points to a future where each may rely on the other without the bonds a romance would entail .
tr	PRES	She turned over , heart pounding .
tr	PRES	" I pledge you my sword .
tr	PRES	When the Maid was refreshed , the spirit fashioned her a shimmering gown made of swirling blue water .
tr	PAST	Sara emerged from the bedroom a couple of hours later , as the beach was finally coming into view beneath the blanket of fog .
tr	PAST	In his quest to solve some of the world 's medical mysteries , Timothy sought to remain under the radar .
tr	PAST	Auron stomped , digging his boots in the ground and took a fighting stance .
tr	PRES	Since when have you ever been incompetent ?
tr	PRES	If I may , though , Madam . "
tr	PRES	 Kurt likes to celebrate after important closings . 
te	PRES	 The bunker ! 
tr	PRES	' Me , too .
tr	PRES	What if he changes into one of them ?
te	PRES	 Look over at those strange lights in the water , Jaimie ,  Kristen points in their direction .
tr	PRES	I snap that over the ring and stand back .
tr	PRES	She opens the cabinet containing the crackers and cereal boxes .
tr	PRES	 Be brave ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	" And use it elsewhere , hmm ?
tr	PAST	Five minutes later Mother , Trista and the officer emerged from the police car .
tr	PAST	Her knee bounced as she let go of my hand and tugged her ponytail down .
tr	PRES	Adam uses his free hand to dig in his pockets for something .
tr	PAST	The impact produced a blinding light and a wall of sand that completely erased the sun in a bright and cloudless sky .
tr	PAST	Sam 's heart seized with those thoughts and without thinking , she opened the bathroom door .
tr	PRES	 What souls ? """
tr	PRES	 You 're all wet ,  Grace mumbled into his shoulder .
tr	PRES	 My ID ? 
tr	PRES	I lean in to check it out .
tr	PRES	She whipped her hair around to the other side and continued to brush it against her shoulder .
te	PRES	 She loves him . 
te	PRES	"Word travels fast , trust me . """
tr	PRES	 Small world ,  he murmurs as his finger runs horizontally along the writing .
tr	PRES	"After they said they couldn 't help me , I sort of tuned out . """
tr	PRES	Grinder 's club stops in mid air .
va	PRES	His eyes shone like twin gems , earnest and pleading .
va	PRES	He lies back down , playing with my hair as he falls asleep .
tr	PRES	5 Sandra sat up suddenly the words NO forming on her lips .
tr	PRES	Brielle rolls her eyes then burst into laughter .
tr	PRES	 There 's no underwear anywhere ,  James announces , marching forward into the light .
tr	PRES	My heart beats so fast I can feel it in my teeth .
va	PRES	"You only want to feel like you belong , "" she explains , cut off when another furious attack commences ."
tr	PRES	Started doing meth when she was twelve , having sex by thirteen .
va	PRES	And we weed them out , one by one .
tr	PRES	 Did you ever discover how our annulment was never finalized in Nevada ? 
tr	PRES	The lunging predator speeds up dramatically in short bursts , then stops completely , paused while flying through the air to acquire its meal .
te	PRES	Nobody likes an unhappy protagonist .
va	PRES	My dad likes Alec but I know that he certainly doesn 't want to think of him kissing his little girl .
tr	PRES	 What the fuck ! 
te	PRES	He threads his fingers through mine , then slowly brings my hand up to his lips and kisses it .
tr	PRES	I wink and smile at her .
va	PRES	 Lock boxes ? 
va	PRES	Knox relaxes and sighs heavily .
tr	PRES	 I disagree . 
tr	PRES	And an Opal Jewel .
tr	PRES	The bluest of water lays beyond me in the form of a slow flowing stream .
va	PRES	" Whatever I put my hand to , it melts .
tr	PRES	 I 'll drive , you navigate ."
tr	PRES	 Box seats ? 
tr	PRES	 Miss Wallace ! 
tr	PRES	Her gentle touch on my arm stops me .
tr	PRES	" You reek of mint .
tr	PRES	 Don 't give them any ideas , jackass . """
te	PRES	The phone stops vibrating and I relax slightly .
tr	PRES	" That strikes me as a bit odd for a man that 's supposed to be getting married today .
tr	PRES	 The bra ? """
va	PRES	"What a prick . """
tr	PRES	She releases a soft sigh before drawing enough of her will to force the electronic door lock .
va	PRES	 Always a danger underwater . 
va	PRES	" Your tale fits the evidence , and I have a knack for spotting lies .
tr	PRES	 White collar crime maybe ? """
tr	PRES	Something decidedly girly flutters in my chest .
tr	PRES	I shift my entire weight into breaking it open , slamming it open , but I 've only managed to bruise my body .
tr	PRES	 Can you teach me how to swim ? 
te	PRES	She flicks her wrist and Doctor Hartman is flung into the bulkhead next to him quickly and painfully .
tr	PRES	Derrick runs over to Dane and extinguishes the flames with his hands .
tr	PRES	"The brass loves you . """
te	PRES	The nurse who placed her hand on my shoulder , squeezed it and left the room , letting the doctor stabilize my wife .
tr	PRES	" Don 't believe him , Sakura .
tr	PRES	Just a shame . "
tr	PRES	He stands up and pulls me to my feet , then leads me up the stairs to his room .
te	PRES	"It belongs here as much as you do . """
va	PRES	Cool air rushes in .
tr	PRES	Before she can reply , I lean forward and heave .
tr	PRES	 Isn 't this place incredible ? 
tr	PRES	 There in lies the rub . 
te	PRES	I close the door behind me and go to the corner of the room behind the way the door opens .
tr	PRES	 Nothing 's wrong with him ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	shouted King Ignis happily .
tr	PRES	 Trojan education not all it 's cocked up to be , eh ? 
tr	PRES	"As a matter of fact , I insist upon it . """
tr	PRES	Her frown holds for a moment , and then her face softens .
tr	PRES	He lifts my chin with his finger , draws me towards him as though it were a dare .
te	PRES	I value you greatly and consider your opinion golden , something that I don 't often do .
tr	PRES	They reckon a lot of kids like you do . '
tr	PRES	" What -  "" Shh . """
va	PRES	"Let 's go , eh . """
tr	PRES	Toward nightfall , he snuck food down to her out of his own meager rations .
te	PRES	Killing a federal judge brings a lot of heat .
tr	PRES	He chews on the end of his pen as he evaluates me .
va	PRES	Sarah remained silent , eyes downcast .
tr	PRES	He chuckles saying : come on , as he points his finger at me .
tr	PRES	Nor shall anything of my realm endure that a son should inherit . '
te	PRES	The man next to us clears his throat .
tr	PRES	 That 's not all ,  I gulp .
va	PRES	He releases her and wipes his bloody lips with the back of his hand .
tr	PRES	 So the true Heart remains with you ? 
tr	PRES	She tries over and over again to get me to go somewhere on Friday nights .
tr	PRES	" We know , Mrs. Davies .
va	PRES	His work ends here .
va	PRES	Something about him reminds me of you .
va	PAST	She coughed and sputtered bright red blood over her caregiver .
va	PAST	 She cheated on your dad ? """
tr	PRES	He throws great parties , anyway .
tr	PRES	" I ... maybe we shouldn 't -  "" Shh ."
tr	PRES	"The most pathetic thing I 've ever heard was this half demon , half god who - "" "" Jesse ! """
tr	PRES	The silence eventually rips my sanity open and I trace the cracks in the table .
va	PRES	To my surprise , Dina flashes me a sheepish smile .
tr	PRES	"I crave a shawl . """
tr	PRES	Jonathan reaches into his pocket , removes a stake and plunges it into Nicholas ' chest .
tr	PRES	 Well , I was in several actually ,  he replies .
tr	PRES	We conclude that it is unlikely as so much infrastructure passes through that if it were damaged business life above ground would come to a standstill .
tr	PRES	A passing drizzle here or there , but nothing significant enough to warrant a late-night trek to the gardens .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and opens the passenger door and then tosses the duffel bag into the backseat .
tr	PRES	' Come on , come on , ' I begged .
te	PRES	" And what about her getting freaked out when I asked her what she was ?
tr	PAST	Reaching up , she caressed the tops of his shoulders and then down his arms to entwine her fingers with his .
tr	PRES	His gorgeous face softens a bit .
tr	PRES	 I love you , Ira , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	Then Sara 's voice creeps through .
tr	PRES	Gavin climbs out first and grabs her legs and helps me pull her out of the car .
tr	PRES	Carter clears his throat .
tr	PRES	A lion attacks a gazelle on the plains of Africa and kills it .
te	PRES	"The number belongs to the vampire . """
tr	PRES	 Oh , that helps . 
tr	PRES	While he changes , I retrieve my dress and underwear from the bed and put them on .
te	PRES	 Brynn ...  she sighs .
tr	PRES	She bobbed her head and took him to the back of her throat , again and again , her eyelids fluttering as she focused on finishing him .
tr	PRES	One last gesture to fight the elements before we settle into middle age . '
tr	PRES	Her eyes widened , the amber orbs going blind as she cried out in release , her body shuddering with the force of it .
tr	PRES	 Good transition ? 
tr	PRES	All at once , Serena remembers why she is here .
tr	PRES	 Came 2 c u. I miss u : -- LRB -  But Wayne reminded the young girl of his concerns .
tr	PRES	But the energy from a session like that just buzzes through the whole place .
tr	PRES	" Someone wove this into your hair , Hettie .
tr	PRES	He stops chewing and looks at me .
tr	PAST	Sebastian eyed his spitfire wife in wounded astonishment .
tr	PAST	At last Vee and I plunged into the cold night air .
tr	PRES	 As if we 'd expose ourselves , not to mention Cathy to all that danger for a naughty weekend . """
tr	PRES	Chapter 32 I walked between Vlad and Maximus down the narrow stone staircase .
tr	PRES	Then a male nurse glances at me as he walks by , but quickly looks away when Zeke clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" That explains why a woman like you was temping .
tr	PRES	It tastes milky with all of the calcium from the rock itself .
tr	PAST	I race them for a hobby . "
tr	PRES	I tackle Echo low so that we roll beneath the window as a second shot passes overhead .
te	PRES	He lets go of me and slams the bathroom door .
tr	PRES	" Please forgive me , Harmonia .
tr	PAST	He tugged me closer and kissed my hair .
tr	PRES	He cleverly snuck Chad out of his bedroom and out of the house completely .
tr	PAST	The cop eyed him suspiciously , but he finally gave a nod and took down their accounts .
tr	PRES	A spritely ray of orange sunlight strikes his left eye , immediately invoking images of the fire that burned his face ten years ago .
tr	PAST	Women served a purpose , a very important purpose , but still just a purpose .
tr	PRES	He winks and squeezes my hand .
tr	PAST	Four uniformed CPD officers stepped around her .
tr	PRES	When we 're outside again , I lean against the warehouse , catching my breath , accepting the canteen of water from Boggs .
tr	PRES	It carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals .
tr	PAST	Well , Elissa munched .
tr	PRES	She uses a fountain pen too , which impresses the holy hell out of me .
tr	PRES	He likes military crap . "
tr	PRES	... the original source of the breach remains at large within our walls .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent .
tr	PRES	The smell of the burning wood from the campfire floods him with memories of camping with his father back home .
tr	PRES	One of the security bots trucks up to the flashing stone .
va	PRES	 Too many curves . 
tr	PRES	I shout , my voice sounding harsh in the quiet of the cabin .
tr	PRES	 Too bad , because that 's exactly what I plan to do ,  I mutter .
tr	PRES	" Nonsense Mr. Zane .
tr	PAST	But in the next instant , my feet froze in place and the knife dropped from my hand .
tr	PAST	Alix crouched forward , her arms outstretched with a switchblade firmly gripped in her left hand .
tr	PRES	Please ,  Miriam begged ."
tr	PRES	 So Drake . 
tr	PRES	Inside , I scented the air again .
tr	PRES	As the shrill note fills the air , he stares unblinking at the monster .
tr	PRES	Shoes , socks , numerous tooth brushes , my mission backpack all met their demise at her hands .
te	PRES	 What accounts did you work with ? 
te	PRES	" Sure do , Donna !
te	PRES	 Fast healers . """
tr	PRES	He wears sneakers , like you .
va	PRES	 We can help them ,  I blurt out .
tr	PRES	I knelt down and immediately scooped it up and left the shovel .
tr	PRES	Mel glances up at Gabe .
tr	PRES	It falls to the other side of her .
tr	PRES	When Jane finds a scrap of shopping list , she grows curious about Alice , the vicar 's wife who lived there years before .
tr	PRES	It reminds me of Rob .
tr	PRES	"And , "" walking to her husband , she puts her arms around his neck , "" it keeps you here , Jacque . """
te	PRES	All in all , it must have been one hell of a horrible sight , judging from the countless eyewitness accounts we have of it .
tr	PRES	"' Victor likes fresh water that is , but that 's a salt water loch . """
tr	PRES	"The lady that does my grocery shopping and cleans the house likes to use my kitchen for baking when she 's here . """
te	PRES	Chuck stops in front of the counter and throws me a wink .
tr	PRES	"Doesn 't he attract a lot of attention ? """
tr	PRES	My panic begins to subside and I stand , training my eyes on him mercilessly .
tr	PRES	"People crave something that is sensual , that reveals the inner workings of the human mind , and I give them that . """
tr	PRES	 If you call this retirement . 
tr	PRES	I swing the metal bedpan down hard .
tr	PRES	A blush creeps up her cheeks , and I thought she couldn 't look any prettier than she did a minute ago .
tr	PRES	Slowly , Charlotte rises from the couch , her solemn brown eyes never leaving my face .
tr	PRES	" Well I disagree .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand , and with it my mind , and barred her departure with an effort of simple will .
tr	PRES	She begs him not to go , that a terrible storm is coming .
tr	PAST	I lied when I said that I wanted to be with you .
tr	PAST	Only dying coals glowed faintly amid the ashes .
tr	PAST	I bolted noiselessly into the hallway , arms outstretched , and found the far wall .
tr	PRES	Highways provide invasion routes , however , and a city , by its very existence , proclaims the presence of large numbers of people and valuable property .
tr	PRES	 Okay , excellent tracker , "" I eyeball the many differently shaped buildings , "" Where do we start ? """
tr	PRES	One little poisonous scratch .
va	PRES	" If people revolt on this , fuck 'em .
tr	PAST	Maddy clutched the book in her hands .
tr	PAST	Jason 's gaze flicked to and from her a number of times before he finally assented .
tr	PAST	She trusted Justine to guide the medics around the debris and to the child .
tr	PRES	A strong wind begins to blow .
tr	PAST	Fire pinched her fingers and her arms emptied .
tr	PAST	Chapter 32 Celaena awoke in her own bed , and knew there would be no more sedatives in her water .
tr	PAST	I leaped up off the ground with my sword and swung it at Lilith .
tr	PAST	Alec 's mouth curved .
tr	PAST	Archer 's mouth curved in amusement , and I think it was the first time I saw him really smile .
tr	PRES	What if the metal holding the plane together rips off in the air and peels away like tissue paper ?
tr	PAST	He tugged on my jacket .
tr	PAST	Eventually we opted for Moylan .
tr	PAST	She thanked him again .
tr	PRES	 Oh , then lets party at her place ! """
tr	PRES	Blackjack easily clears seven feet when standing .
tr	PRES	 I 'm sorry ,  he mumbled .
va	PRES	As he reaches me , I lean against the pole , fighting to keep my breathing steady against the desire flowing off him .
tr	PRES	Rolling hills surround us , swaying trees encircle us and the smell of fresh flowers assails my senses .
tr	PRES	Not as beautiful as you think , my heart whispers back .
tr	PRES	As we pass Mark 's door , Andrew stops , puts his fingers to his lips , and motions for me to keep going .
va	PRES	"You just race ? """
tr	PRES	Then , Grandmother disappears around the corner .
tr	PRES	From there he skirted the grounds and came to Western Avenue leading to the Western Gate .
tr	PRES	Not even long enough to scratch a base urge .
va	PRES	" Tell me your fantasies , Sunshine .
tr	PRES	Why drag it out ?
tr	PRES	Sing our song , sing it !
tr	PAST	Before I had a chance to reply , another lunch lady plopped a piece of chicken on top of the jello .
tr	PAST	She flicked her ashes on the cement floor and then smiled .
tr	PAST	Pain that was mirrored inside him .
tr	PRES	Charlie falls asleep early .
tr	PAST	 She acted as though he was there to wait on her ."
tr	PRES	 My hero . 
tr	PRES	No one hears from him again .
te	PRES	Francesca and I lean against the countertop of the island .
va	PRES	 THEN GET OUT ! 
tr	PRES	 No talking ,  I snarl as I lift her legs from behind her knees and pull her ass towards the edge .
tr	PRES	I assume whole wheat on the toast ; you look positively too healthy to be hanging around us old folks .
tr	PRES	The walls were bare , the furniture sparse .
tr	PRES	You shrinks are all alike !
te	PRES	He slides several papers across to me .
tr	PRES	Soon he disappears from sight .
tr	PRES	I know about yer childhood , yer family , yer beliefs ... everything .
tr	PRES	He plays some kind of children 's game ; roll to the end of the block without head or shoulders leaving the wall .
tr	PRES	She wears Erudite blue and Erudite spectacles and an Erudite look of superiority that I was taught by my father to hate .
tr	PRES	As Pierre stands next to him , Timothy continues his work , not looking up .
tr	PRES	As I turn the corner , my breath catches .
tr	PRES	 A guy at SF Loans owes me a favor . 
tr	PRES	My earlier promise to her bears repeating after all that 's happened today .
te	PRES	And that brings us to something which has been very misleading in my language up to now .
tr	PRES	Our guide announces and spins round to head back out the way we had entered .
tr	PRES	He sings so well with village women and knows almost everything about farming .
tr	PRES	 Everyone hates you . 
tr	PRES	I freaked out on Mom , and she told me you were dead .
tr	PRES	 Pain ... suffering ... madness ... They were all so familiar to him they had become redundant .
tr	PRES	He lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	In his final entry he opens a small shop in Biloxi .
tr	PRES	 You also , Mr. Clancy ? 
tr	PRES	"Very precious to me . """
tr	PRES	 Well ,  Chris begins , taking one of the drinks from Alec 's hand when he extends it toward her .
tr	PRES	 Same for me ,  snorts Mr. Quintanilla .
tr	PRES	" So you contend he was killed while actually playing golf ?
va	PRES	He scratched behind his ear .
va	PAST	Others surrendered when they realized they could not win the battle .
va	PRES	 No one trembles anymore . """
tr	PRES	" I wil be less tolerant than your old dean , Alexandria .
va	PAST	She wiggled her fingers , then her toes , then rolled over and attempted to sit up .
va	PRES	Then high-pitched , desperate screams .
va	PRES	I could  ve sworn he was wearing something else ,  he responds ."
tr	PRES	"It helps set the tone I was mentioning to you earlier . """
tr	PRES	"CHAPTER ONE "" It is important to make the right choices in life , however in many critical situations ; it is never enough to choose ."
tr	PRES	Selling them helps farmers make ends meet .
tr	PRES	Dani shook her head , her bright red highlights flashing in the light of the moon .
tr	PRES	To make matters worse , Earth 's air stank like mildew and old cabbages .
tr	PRES	"I mutter , "" I 'm not going to burst into tears because you say I can . """
tr	PRES	My breathing slows again .
tr	PRES	 Are balloon animals cheerful ? 
tr	PRES	Those wraiths maybe dead , but they are not stupid .
tr	PRES	She sees that his book is still open to the same page as it had been when he first sat down .
tr	PRES	Peter tickle Amy Amy good gorilla .
tr	PRES	 I told you it would be ,  Meredith crowed .
tr	PRES	McKenna approaches me with a cup of coffee .
tr	PRES	"That explains how we can sense each other . """
tr	PRES	" What if she falls in love with him ?
tr	PAST	The Rhinos from Milan scored on the final play and sneaked into the play-offs .
tr	PRES	I scratch the surface of it and realize it 's actually bound in thick real leather ,  Whoa . """
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me and then sighs , before walking over to the bed and sitting next to me .
tr	PRES	 Because no one deserves this . 
tr	PRES	"For a hundred grand . """
tr	PRES	I asked , my voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the bathroom wall , squeezing my eyes shut .
tr	PRES	I raise a glass to him .
tr	PRES	When she feels my scrutiny , she discreetly flips me the bird .
te	PRES	A second later , a real human 's voice pops up over its speakers .
tr	PRES	"What brings you north of the Florida state line ? """
tr	PRES	For a moment , Five 's look softens .
tr	PRES	Eli curses under his breath .
tr	PRES	The castle produces a petrifying atmosphere to her senses , making her shiver down to her spine .
tr	PRES	"Every little bit helps ... "" Ashley was becoming used to her surroundings ."
tr	PRES	 He wasn 't ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Help convince her to give me what I want .
tr	PRES	He whispers with a grin .
tr	PRES	The door slides open , and I flash the sign that I need to get through .
tr	PRES	Then his smile fades .
tr	PRES	 Call Elijah here now ! 
tr	PRES	Christian proceeds to bend his elbow as if he has no hand and starts flailing his hand as if he 's swimming .
va	PRES	The rest of the Undine in line lean out to see who he has chosen .
tr	PRES	" Okay ...  "" When I give you this , you celebrate and go the hell home ."
tr	PRES	Inside , Rowan holds true to his word and sits next to me .
va	PRES	He stands up and lifts her hand until she stands up , too .
tr	PRES	I gladly and with some relief , accept his offer and shake his hand , thankful that I am not made to feel unwelcome .
tr	PRES	I owe him cuz he was there , even when he needed help , too .
tr	PRES	A mosquito lands on my shoulder , and I swat it away with a wince I can 't repress .
tr	PRES	 A hot psychopath ,  I correct her and she scowls at me .
tr	PRES	 So sell your idea to them . 
tr	PRES	 All her shots . 
tr	PRES	He chuckles on the other end of the line ' I told Trevor I loved him during his grandmother 's funeral . '
tr	PRES	One night after working late , she witnessed a man being murdered in the parking lot by a gang of men .
tr	PRES	 Their CEO . 
te	PRES	 And they ...  Justine begins , and then pauses .
tr	PRES	She directs us to a room down the hall on the left .
tr	PRES	 This wasn 't how this evening was supposed to go ,  I mutter , loosening my bow tie as we drive down Fifth Avenue .
tr	PRES	He glances around the room and cocks an eyebrow .
va	PRES	 I ... he ... he tricked me into letting him snuggle up against my breasts . 
tr	PRES	It fits , but I will never tell her or she might die of smugness .
tr	PRES	"It helps if the person you 're blaming is in the minority and during the Middle Ages the wealthy were definitely in the minority . """
tr	PRES	Those problems exist because of the intertwined nature of our two dimensions being in such close proximity .
tr	PRES	I inhale in a rush .
tr	PRES	Well , sort of , 'cause there is actually only water beneath me on account of the list on the ship .
tr	PRES	She points to the closet .
tr	PRES	"Simon sees that now , and we can all do better with you up here . """
tr	PRES	" Oh no , nothing so dramatic as that .
tr	PAST	He unclipped his phone , punched out the number and closed his eyes as he waited for her to answer .
tr	PRES	She stands up on her tiptoes and kisses my cheek .
tr	PAST	However , he persisted and lifted her thick auburn hair from her sweating neck .
tr	PAST	Vann preferred to take a month of sub duty followed by a week of shore time .
tr	PAST	As he pulled it closer to the side of the cliff , the light bounced over a tattered sneaker .
tr	PRES	Ethan pushes off the lockers .
tr	PRES	Evelyn clears her throat .
tr	PAST	he stated , as if he was reading her mind .
tr	PRES	The one on the left loses his grip on his blaster , and I dive for it , scoop it up and shoot him point-blank .
tr	PRES	Cricket sees her expression and says something that causes her to stalk away .
tr	PRES	Speeding up the mounting process and skipping inspections buys us 11 days .
tr	PAST	Scott 's guards , including Jonah 's friends Jeremy and Danny , stormed the room not a moment later , pulling out the unconscious users .
tr	PAST	Driving proved to be an exception .
tr	PAST	Sable tugged her hand from his .
tr	PAST	 There is a dangerous enemy on the loose , "" he babbled holding me by the neck with his right hand ."
te	PRES	 Now , Angel -- let 's start now ! 
tr	PRES	' I 'm so sorry , ' she mouths .
va	PRES	Chris Van Horn , a lead scientist , wraps up the briefing and asks for questions .
tr	PRES	 I wouldn 't be surprised ,  Aria states in Jason 's mind .
va	PRES	From his entirely black eyes to the black veins standing starkly out in his face .
tr	PRES	He tries to balance himself .
tr	PRES	 A silver lining ! 
tr	PRES	But soon my forced calm dissipated because I still couldn 't find it .
tr	PRES	"She deserves a man who wants her not the mate the oracles foretold would be his queen . """
tr	PRES	 I don 't see any one on this side ,  Jessica states from the Starboard .
tr	PRES	Short , simple , poignant , yet clich .
tr	PRES	 So what brings you back to Rome , Cammie ? 
te	PRES	"Evidently , they 're old friends ... "" "" So ? """
tr	PRES	 This can count as the rough road where they got their first flat ,  Caleb suggests .
tr	PRES	He uses his remaining strength to struggle against the ghouls holding him down on all sides .
tr	PRES	Mike comments , nodding his eyebrows .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , it appears so . 
tr	PRES	He pushes the bandages back down over the wound .
tr	PRES	He reaches for something on his desk .
tr	PRES	 Roger that , bro . 
tr	PRES	"And she likes me . """
tr	PRES	"My sincerest apology . """
tr	PRES	Rex glares at me .
tr	PRES	If towers crash and the ground falls why should we survive ?
va	PRES	Byron rises cautiously to his feet , swearing .
tr	PRES	With crystal lucidity , he recognizes himself leaning against his parents garden railings .
tr	PRES	He opens the car door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	PRES	She tries to laugh but it comes out all wrong .
tr	PRES	 I expected things to change when I woke up here , but I never expected this degree of change ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	The strings of colored lights above the street shone with a new brightness .
tr	PRES	First , that she was pregnant , unmarried and destined to become the most scandalous member of her notorious family .
tr	PRES	( garbled ) BG : Yeah , I 'm ok .
tr	PRES	The elevator door opens just as I turn to run , but the two big guys block my escape .
tr	PRES	 You copied or stole back sensitive data and turned it over to Calhoun ? 
tr	PRES	Kev comments and then lets out a loud ' Ow ! '
tr	PRES	I have to stop freaking out , ' I mumbled .
tr	PRES	You connect with people realizing what they need , even when others don 't .
tr	PRES	" But Aunt Maud --  "" Upstairs , now . """
tr	PRES	"And your ghost . """
tr	PRES	I chew my lip as I think of how best to address it .
tr	PRES	He searches my eyes .
tr	PRES	" Callum -  Then he concluded , "" Until the last three weeks . """
va	PRES	 He wishes us well and will meet you when he returns . 
tr	PRES	she mumbled to herself .
tr	PRES	Below me , the water creeps between the boulders as the tide comes in .
tr	PRES	The dragon quickly clears the tallest of the buildings and performs a barrel roll .
tr	PRES	Will glances at me .
tr	PRES	"Seems over-the-top , if you ask me . """
tr	PRES	"For the Legion . """
tr	PRES	 And the shooter ? 
tr	PRES	 Sing me one about trolls ! 
tr	PRES	Later that night , back under the covers , she talks .
tr	PRES	I exhale in relief .
tr	PRES	"May I borrow the brush ? """
tr	PRES	I pledge that I will always be by your side .
tr	PRES	A strongly effeminate male voice states loudly yet calmly .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and brushes my hand .
tr	PRES	I mumbled against his finger .
tr	PRES	Everybody who 's charged blames the other guy .
tr	PRES	Because Echo is a touchy-feely girl , she hugs me .
tr	PRES	Pain pulses in my temples as I try to get my bearings and look around the unfamiliar room .
te	PRES	She opens her eyes , but they stare out at nothing .
tr	PRES	Until he glanced over his shoulder , and saw the pack forming behind them .
tr	PRES	They feed off pain and fear , like it 's water and air .
tr	PRES	"Everyone loves me . """
tr	PRES	Her eyes stung and became red around the sides .
tr	PRES	He motions for her to kneel .
tr	PRES	The value of credits remains constant and inflation and deflation are negligible with the Average Production Index system .
va	PRES	"It never stops . """
va	PRES	"Chapter Eight "" Ah !"
tr	PRES	"What if he never tries again ? """
te	PRES	" Now , three line platoon !
tr	PAST	I washed my face and looked at myself as the water dripped off my chin .
tr	PAST	Andre motioned for Connor to follow .
tr	PAST	Having all those jealous convictions confirmed only served to fuel Sebastian 's anger .
tr	PRES	She carries her head with arrogance , emitting self-confidence .
tr	PAST	I leaped into the air at the oncoming group , slicing one across the face and kicking another one hard with both of my feet .
tr	PRES	 You 'll have to be careful , lass ."
tr	PRES	I dart up with every intention of getting away from her .
tr	PRES	 Good afternoon gentlemen , I am Nathan Taylor , most recently of Fort Meade , Maryland . 
tr	PRES	 You ok , Little Sis ? 
tr	PRES	We all hop in the elevator and Connor pushes the ' S ' button for Storage .
tr	PRES	" It breaks my heart , but that 's what they are telling us .
va	PRES	 Jesus Christ . """
tr	PRES	 But only temporarily . 
tr	PRES	I squeeze my eyes shut and consider I may have misjudged the situation .
tr	PRES	The Witch Box Laura A. Ellison Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	PRES	Looked into his gorgeous face , his expression taut .
tr	PRES	 It 's so idiotic for you to be considered a thug just because you like to wear hoodies ,  snaps Lorena .
tr	PRES	 Oh god oh god . 
tr	PRES	Dante reaches for me immediately .
tr	PRES	" Well , I disagree .
tr	PRES	 That Doug and I were making out or something . """
tr	PRES	Lennox freezes , like an old man who can 't stand upright .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Laura !
tr	PRES	Push her too soon and she might never turn to either Sven or Olaf . "
tr	PRES	It slides off her breast and I 'm starting to make it frizz .
tr	PRES	She lets out an unsteady breath .
va	PRES	Since then he had always enjoyed watching footy matches with islander players who had come to the Sydney Rugby League competition and made good .
tr	PRES	The zombie bangs on my window , growling at me , equally angry that it can 't reach me .
tr	PRES	Slowly , she opens her coat .
tr	PRES	Serena stands over Kai , planting her trident into the sand , deep enough so it stands on its own .
tr	PRES	"She misses you , but she 's with Ryan . """
tr	PRES	The butterflies in my stomach flutter wildly as my uncle 's apartment comes into view .
tr	PRES	The next position allows the user to open it for full contact as it is used under the pool .
tr	PRES	I mumbled the reassuring words a man might offer a dog with a sore paw .
tr	PRES	"The lies they tell their children about us , as if we were out to hunt their kind to extinction ? """
tr	PRES	A tear sneaks down her cheek .
te	PRES	 I am their mother , they belong with me ! 
va	PRES	Blake slows down and pulls onto a dirt side road that has been recently plowed .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	He bruised me and humiliated me .
tr	PRES	 One good turn deserves another , right ? 
tr	PRES	Interrupts Greg and this time I lunge at her first .
tr	PRES	 When in Rome ...  I teased .
te	PRES	" If we move ,  she told them , "" they ' l kil them al . """
va	PRES	The door opens from inside and Reginald steps out .
tr	PRES	" A former resort , anyway .
tr	PRES	 Um , probably everybody at this point ."
tr	PRES	Cleverly , she changes her dance routine , removing her usually sensual body movements and replacing them with flying jumps and kicks resembling rhythmic martial arts .
tr	PRES	 What sensation ? 
tr	PRES	She likes to sit at the window , just looking out over the city . '
tr	PRES	She pushes it back out , adding a new layer of composition for more depth .
tr	PRES	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body drifts in with a high tide .
tr	PRES	Not that I disagree with him , but he 's actually crazy .
tr	PRES	He plays with my curls as he coats each strand , strokes my scalp .
tr	PRES	 Dharma Naomi . 
tr	PRES	"' Please god , help me now that my husband is gone . ' """
va	PRES	Olivia mumbled something about checking in with Keira , and then she left , but I didn 't pay much attention to her .
tr	PRES	And now ... the human remains , found just before Christmas .
tr	PRES	 Another editor on the team . 
tr	PRES	FSS stands for Federation Service Ship .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , and I can imagine his lips are curved into a mischievous grin .
tr	PRES	She sees the good in it all , because she doesn 't know there 's another option .
tr	PRES	Images of walking up long driveways and heading into backyards fills my mind .
tr	PRES	Alec climbs onto the side rails of the elevator and pushes up one of the cork ceiling tiles .
tr	PRES	 Does being a witch scare you ? 
tr	PRES	" What about her planet ?
va	PAST	I suspected he , once again , shielded me from worse injury , but I wasn 't about to thank him .
va	PAST	His eyes scanned around us , able to see more than mine in the waning light .
va	PRES	My heart leaps until I realize it 's just Phil .
va	PAST	The party was five days away , and he 'd already picked out a dress for her to wear , something appropriate she suspected .
va	PRES	' Peter Marx ? '
va	PRES	Stephanie 's head immediately whips toward me .
va	PAST	He dug a neat trench twenty inches wide , six feet long , six feet deep .
va	PAST	She moaned into his mouth , her nails sinking into his scalp , as if to hold him in place .
va	PRES	She smoothed her dress and picked up her coat and purse .
va	PAST	Robbie 's voice crackled over the line .
va	PAST	 Follow me , "" he commanded as he started to move toward one of the ' oh so exclusive ' doors ."
tr	PRES	He helps grab my luggage .
tr	PRES	Called the nymphs , River trolls .
va	PRES	Anger explodes in his dark , soulless eyes .
tr	PRES	Then I chuckle when she sticks out her tongue and I have to bite on my own because the movement draws all my attention to her mouth .
tr	PRES	A laugh bursts from my mouth , half joy and half nerves , and he carries me across the room , dropping me unceremoniously on the couch .
tr	PRES	Then he lets me go .
tr	PRES	"Everyone hates the library here . """
tr	PRES	She closed her eyes , her fingertips drumming on the tabletop .
tr	PRES	 Something masculine , no doubt . 
tr	PRES	 Lucas Ross . 
tr	PRES	 That was very nice of you ,  I murmur .
tr	PRES	 Thanks for the offer , Kaylee , but I want to be miserable in my own bed . 
tr	PRES	 Wait ,  Eddie yells as she circles to the front of us .
te	PRES	I took a cracker and ate it , the crunching sounding irritatingly loud in my ears .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes and smiles a little .
va	PRES	After I 've finished I wipe the steam from the mirror .
tr	PRES	His smile fades and his face sinks into a frown .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight .
tr	PRES	"See , the red streaks from the dull overhead lights . """
tr	PRES	"We 'll just have to see what we can do about them , then , "" he murmurs , catching my wrist ."
tr	PRES	"The more you say it , the less believable it becomes . """
tr	PRES	The nurse visibly relaxes .
tr	PRES	His fingers ruffled her hair in a caress before tugging the silken strands gently .
va	PRES	" To resurrect his son that you killed .
tr	PAST	 I dreamed about your ugly ass last night . """
tr	PRES	Soft , indistinct classical music plays through an unseen sound system .
tr	PRES	As if she were hiding some tiny , hairline crack .
tr	PRES	Cricket 's expression grows sly .
tr	PRES	 That 's impossible ,  I shout .
tr	PRES	The metal braces on his legs rattled and clicked as he locked them into place .
tr	PRES	"You alright in there ? """
tr	PRES	 Mr. Jacobs ? 
va	PRES	 Zia ,  he announces and his voice is distant .
tr	PRES	 Let 's try the right panel first ,  Dervish suggests .
tr	PRES	 One builds it up in his head until he is afraid , but there was little pain . 
tr	PRES	She begins to put the arrow in the quiver but he stops her .
tr	PRES	 The C stands for ? 
te	PRES	The police officer talks into his shoulder unit and gestures to Isaiah .
tr	PRES	"I assume these simple cells don 't think , do they ? """
tr	PRES	"Last night - "" I cut myself off , not wanting to force Jax to relive the memories ."
va	PRES	The full moon shone strong .
te	PRES	Deni saw his cock , still dark and hard from what they 'd been doing , black hair crisp at its base .
tr	PRES	"CHAPTER TEN "" You can what ? """
tr	PRES	If he 's a total gentleman or a klutz , you adapt your thought processes for a successful night .
tr	PRES	" Nothing to talk about , Ma .
tr	PAST	For the last hundred yards we crawled , and then as we breasted a small rise at the edge of town , we were on our bellies .
tr	PAST	He further violated the  untouchable rule "" and carefully removed the folded papers , believing them to be something incriminating ."
tr	PRES	Fewer still succeed to a great extent .
tr	PRES	Chapter 10 Vampires lean over their mates when they sleep .
tr	PRES	 Does the UN just assume that we can understand their gibberish ? 
tr	PRES	He strokes his neck and talks to him as he moves toward his flank , toward the stirrup .
tr	PRES	" On average , eighteen feet .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed mine like a lover , making no demands other than for permission to continue .
tr	PAST	The two men shuffled awkwardly in place , their eyes darting to the floor .
tr	PRES	 Jesus loves all creatures ."
tr	PRES	Our enemy holds all the cards , and this is the only lead we 've got .
te	PRES	He parks on the seventh floor and we head for the entrance .
tr	PRES	"What the fuck ? """
tr	PRES	His eyes snap open and he twists my arm in an awkward position that tears at my muscles .
tr	PRES	Or a really nice casket .
tr	PRES	I blurt out the truth .
tr	PRES	"They teach their pups to despise us . """
tr	PRES	 The pirates ? 
tr	PRES	Between exchanging blows with the wolves , she sees Ervin .
tr	PRES	"She hates to be kept waiting . """
tr	PRES	The first door opens and some guy is standing there that I don 't recognize , pulling a shirt over his head .
tr	PRES	She sips her coffee and waits for me to ask for her advice .
tr	PRES	With his target distracted , Kane bursts out of hiding .
tr	PRES	Desperate not to have my elation from her compliment destroyed by my parents ' discontent , I apologize quickly .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen doorway , back arched , ears flattened , stands the ugliest tomcat in the world .
tr	PRES	" Duff buddy what are doing here ?
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice a tad brighter than earlier .
tr	PAST	The last rays of the sun highlighted his eyes and Karla could see the fear and anger there .
tr	PRES	We arrive at her office , after walking through the series of hallways .
tr	PAST	A gigantic smile engulfed her face as she turned to see Cade 's muscular arms leaning on the back of her chair .
tr	PAST	He eyed me suspiciously .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over and he seemed to have forgotten all about me .
tr	PAST	Chapter 4 Chelsea awoke to hot sunlight burning over her eyelids and face , cool , crisp sheets against her skin , and the smell of coffee .
tr	PAST	Sea spray needling the air again , he steered around small icebergs littering their path .
tr	PRES	 Hot chocolate . """
tr	PRES	Then the anger and everything else distilled into one very primitive urge , and all he could think about was burying himself inside her .
tr	PRES	With green brilliance they shine on me and it feels like I am falling .
tr	PRES	Silverware and cocktail napkins first .
tr	PRES	Visions from long ago flit through my head , of another time and place when I found something floating in the water .
tr	PRES	By the end of the day , an argument breaks out about where to go .
tr	PRES	Some of it intelligence related , some related to medicines and engineering .
tr	PRES	" Martha Vernon , Holly Jarrett , Timothy Sparks , David Prentice -  "" And their families ."
tr	PRES	 Of course I studied ,  I snap .
tr	PRES	The angel falls back , her arms askew , head lolling off the edge of the bench in a swoon .
te	PRES	Then , unexpected , he lunges for the pocket of my skirt , where I stash my tips .
tr	PRES	Leah stands up and retreats to the kitchen for a box of crackers .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the full cushion and take a deep breath , hoping to clear my head .
tr	PRES	 You incredible jerk ! 
tr	PRES	She wove through the crowd to get closer to the fire .
tr	PRES	" Everything I teach you is for you .
tr	PAST	Rubbing her eyes , she attempted to wipe away the evidence .
tr	PAST	For a second he tensed , expecting the compulsion to say something unkind .
tr	PRES	I swing open the door .
tr	PAST	One of his big palms caressed my check ; his fingers pulled through my hair and forced my head back .
tr	PAST	She pinched off a piece of the fruit and passed it to Joshua as she walked .
tr	PRES	Or someone checking to see if you 're home .
tr	PAST	A split second later , four rockets exploded behind them , narrowly missing their rocket launchers .
tr	PRES	It joins the road from Rafferty 's ranch before it runs into U.S. 19 . "
tr	PRES	I hike over the shallow hill , my boots filling with sand .
tr	PRES	Francesca helps line them up in chronological order on the table as I pull them out .
tr	PRES	"He taps the brown bag and says , "" Racine sent these . """
tr	PRES	Iona hopped from one sandstone ledge to the next , her paws scrabbling a little in the gravel .
tr	PRES	And now they tortured him with things he knew he couldn 't have .
tr	PRES	He winks , and then disappears .
te	PRES	I assume it is work that reunites us ? '
tr	PRES	Thankfully , when the rally is over , he announces dismissal .
tr	PRES	"I suppose if I thought in terms of years , you 'd be old and decrepit , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	" Because I don 't know for certain , Mikhail .
tr	PAST	Madeline sniffed and swiped at her damp cheeks .
tr	PRES	Panic fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	Huge glass windows reflected the town 's bright lights , turned them into a smear of color .
tr	PRES	 I don 't know , "" Bec murmurs ."
tr	PRES	And he loves it .
tr	PRES	"Because I wear khakis and don 't listen to that rancid music ? """
tr	PRES	With both arms extended in a calming gesture , she ceases her advance for the time being .
tr	PRES	His good , kind heart draws people closer .
tr	PRES	"Back in the old days , when he was on nights all the time , he "" d known all the shades of darkness ."
te	PRES	 Any sign of blood poisoning ? 
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 9 They lay back , both gulping breaths .
te	PRES	"My job is done , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	He grit his teeth as he thrust his h * ps upward and I felt the full length of him inside me .
tr	PRES	He sighs and rolls off me .
tr	PRES	 God , she 's beautiful ,  Markus whispers to his back row comrades .
tr	PRES	" He likes to dictate to everyone .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out .
tr	PAST	Almost abruptly they stopped , sniffed the ground , turned in circles , not obeying their handlers to move forward .
tr	PAST	As soon as those footsteps got close , I whipped a bolt into the hallway , hitting the Captain Morgan look-alike .
tr	PAST	 Think about it , "" she instructed him again ."
tr	PRES	The green smell of rain drifts on the air through the open door .
tr	PRES	"A year and a half ago , the FBI arrested their suspect : a mentally unbalanced man named ... "" Gillard Shutter ? """
tr	PRES	She slows down a bit and then we crash into each other .
tr	PRES	He stands up for you .
tr	PRES	He slowly rises from his bed .
va	PRES	 I du n no , I 've walked away from a lot better . 
va	PRES	Despite my attempts to be quiet , my foot snaps a twig .
tr	PRES	" No matter what happens , always strive to be the better man .
tr	PRES	The wind ruffled its tail forlornly .
tr	PRES	I lean forward trying to get a better look at the guy , but it 's too dark to see his face .
tr	PAST	Noah extended his hand .
tr	PAST	 I 'm pretty sure you 'll be able to do it by scent , "" Julia giggled ."
tr	PRES	 What if she tries to bite off my hand or something ? 
tr	PRES	Demetrius was suddenly blocking her path , his eyes gleaming with a deadly fury .
te	PRES	' Build houses with thick walls and stout roofs . '
tr	PRES	A large metal tentacle belonging to the metal dog .
tr	PRES	I wipe a tear off my cheek .
tr	PRES	Gramps pushes his way through the haze .
tr	PRES	He stops singing and reaches down to examine them .
tr	PRES	Tammie rushes down the stairs and quickly grabs the bags of groceries in her mother 's hands .
va	PRES	 Surely that deserves a second helping . 
tr	PRES	Russ sees a psychologist twice a week .
va	PRES	Earl stares up at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	 When that account goes below twenty thousand , the bank automatically transfers funds from my line of credit to top it off . 
tr	PRES	A gyrating jerk tries to hump my backside .
tr	PRES	Nodding , he reaches for the single photograph left on the mantel , tucked now behind the Christmas village , and holds it close .
tr	PRES	 Five bucks . 
tr	PRES	But they rely on the prey 's movements , as well , to map out the general location of the victim .
te	PRES	 Was it Marie ? 
va	PRES	It becomes apparent our goal is the Blue Tower .
tr	PRES	 Or Gloriana , that bitch . 
tr	PRES	Every contact reverberated with the snapping crackle of bones breaking .
tr	PRES	 The Red Army ? 
va	PRES	Not only that , but everyone respects you .
te	PRES	She points back and forth between us .
tr	PRES	" He needs those of us he trusts to see the arrow flying towards him before it hits .
tr	PAST	The trees around us rustled in the breeze .
tr	PRES	History remembers kings not mercenaries , knights or warriors .
tr	PAST	Quinn tugged at Lexa 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	She inhaled shaky breaths and tried to calm herself .
tr	PAST	Even if he 'd programmed his phone number into her cell phone , she sensed the finality in the kiss .
tr	PAST	Karen quickly zipped her suitcase shut and carried it out to the entrance hallway where David 's bag was already placed .
tr	PRES	 Until tomorrow , Abigail ."
tr	PRES	A piano chord strikes .
tr	PRES	I punch and scream and punch and scream and something gives .
va	PRES	I swing wide around the rear of the remains of the building and see an alley off of what must have been the rectory at one point .
tr	PRES	 Like her Mom , Ha ? 
tr	PRES	I struggle to catch up to him .
tr	PRES	He nods his head .
va	PRES	Somebody slams a door inside the small red brick office on his right .
te	PRES	 Sorry but what kind of person tries to sucker their best friend into thinking that stealing is okay ? 
tr	PRES	" None of that matters to me , baby .
va	PAST	Lina peaked out from beneath her hood to see Anton 's eyes .
va	PAST	His temple throbbed from the undeniable pleasure .
va	PAST	Teddy contemplated the neat stacks of quarters and piles of dollar bills .
va	PRES	' For Finn ? '
va	PRES	 Why , Irene Adler ."
tr	PRES	But when Colleen saw him , a disapproving scowl settled over her features .
tr	PRES	She loves you guys .
tr	PRES	That , and the woods that surround it .
tr	PRES	My mom passes her hand absentmindedly through a field of waving grasses .
tr	PRES	Charlotte flinched , a slight movement of her brows that he would have missed if he hadn 't been determinedly searching for it .
tr	PRES	 Always running out on me , Harriet ! 
tr	PRES	 For some reason , he likes to ride the bus . 
tr	PRES	Gregori 's silver eyes dwelt on her slender figure .
te	PRES	I sneer at Stewart , my speech slurring .
va	PRES	"' ' We barter . """
tr	PRES	 A tutor ? 
tr	PRES	 How you doing , kiddo ? 
va	PRES	Quickly tying the rope around his waist he climbs up on the bowsprit where Diana has already climbed to get Jody .
tr	PRES	My head falls nearly to my chest as I realize that I am brown bread .
tr	PRES	She surfaces from Prewitt 's goofy face then giggles , sounding , just like my laugh .
tr	PRES	 Hello Alec . 
tr	PRES	The thing in the burlap sap .
te	PRES	She twitches beneath me and I could swear I hear her gasp , even above the music .
tr	PRES	The silk fabric of my Marie Antoinette gown , draped across my sewing table , shimmers with a pale blue glow in the moonlight .
te	PRES	He lets out a frustrated grunt as he lies back down on the mat .
va	PRES	Realm swears under his breath , rubbing roughly at his face .
tr	PRES	" And that creepy guy , Zane .
tr	PRES	Can we postpone ? "
va	PRES	Blood drips down the wallpaper in tiny red beads .
te	PRES	Nathan clears his throat from the doorway , and we startle .
tr	PRES	' And my mate Duncan , ' cos Duncan 's me mate .
tr	PRES	" The water in the teapot represents the collective merits of the partakers of the gathering .
va	PRES	He slips a hand in his suit pocket - a more casual looking suit but still a suit .
va	PRES	Chase directs the cameraman to show the skies filled with choppers and the streets filled with soldiers .
va	PAST	He threatened my life .
va	PRES	He shuts the curtain and seals us inside the steam .
va	PAST	He scanned the room and as soon as he spotted Noelle through his night-vision goggles , his body went still .
va	PRES	 Sounds like you 're hooked ."
tr	PRES	I wipe my brow and look at my drenched hand .
tr	PRES	 Mork kills . 
tr	PRES	 My fish ! 
tr	PRES	When he finishes , they compare the two written versions , and the one who does the listening decides which one 's accurate . '
tr	PRES	 Good shooting . 
te	PRES	" The Protector remains where it was first hidden , cleverly guarded .
tr	PAST	The band piled into their van and drove to Case .
tr	PRES	 Me , too ? """
te	PRES	"She was here when I brought her the water , "" Jermaine mumbled ."
tr	PRES	She disconnected and put her phone back into her bag .
tr	PRES	It approached me , its posture timid , and crouched by my side looking for approval .
tr	PRES	Traveling around the world does tend to make a person happy for the small things in life .
va	PRES	A hero never causes undue harm to anyone -- even villains .
tr	PRES	My hand grasps for the pockets .
va	PRES	Then in one fluid motion the boar squeaks weakly falling over onto its side asleep .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something about seeing Carl tomorrow and headed out of the hospital .
va	PRES	Mel stops in front of an office door .
tr	PRES	I tip some of Corr 's manure out .
tr	PRES	It falls a foot short .
tr	PRES	He stands before her naked , trembling in the cold .
tr	PRES	Initially I chalked this up to semantics and went on with my life .
tr	PRES	 I deserve that . 
tr	PRES	The plunk of Ketchup 's body hitting the locker next to me opens my eyes .
tr	PRES	We total y pig out on al the food I ordered , and I can already feel my dress getting tighter .
tr	PRES	Never having spoken those words aloud before , not even to Mariam or Rayne , Serena holds her breath waiting for Kai 's response .
tr	PRES	Going near a window , I shout a warning to Charlie or Julianne .
tr	PRES	It still remains a radioactive garden .
tr	PRES	" I seek it , Kalen , because it is there .
va	PAST	I hired an attorney in Cancun and he filed the papers .
va	PAST	 Jared , I - "" His hands clamped down on mine ."
tr	PRES	Where the steps level off just before the doors , he stops , slumping against the parapet .
tr	PRES	 Because they punched the crap out of my ribs and it hurts to sit . 
tr	PRES	His voice softens , but I feel him stiffen beside me .
tr	PRES	Beautiful yet repulsive ... And finally honest .
tr	PRES	" Their judgment belongs to the Lord : my answer to their crimes will be to return to my fellows with the word of God .
tr	PAST	The hair on the back of her neck pricked but Jo kept her pace steady and her eyes straight ahead .
tr	PRES	He pul ed her back a bit more and she felt his c * ck nudge against her .
tr	PRES	Evan rises to his feet .
tr	PRES	 Which cities ? """
tr	PRES	 Like now , OK ! 
tr	PRES	I buck my body but the assailants tighten their grip .
tr	PRES	He deserves no mercy .
te	PRES	He sighs , leaning back into the closet to put the hanger back on the bar .
tr	PRES	Lorraine belongs to an illustrious family , but he is perpetually in need of money .
tr	PRES	Picking a tourniquet up off the tray , the doctor proceeds to tie it around my upper arm before pulling it tight .
tr	PRES	I kick my legs , trying to buck my body out of the chair , but I 'm too lethargic .
tr	PRES	"We disagree on every subject that 's been brought up so far . """
te	PRES	After a moment , though , his brow relaxes slightly .
va	PRES	 Has Elijah ... has he predicted something terrible ? 
tr	PRES	 Hello ...  Kamil mumbles .
tr	PRES	 Because I 'm tired of feeling helpless . 
va	PRES	" He coaches a boys ' basketball team and they sort of took over the court during my girls ' practice time .
tr	PAST	he urged , his voice breaking , despair shining in his jade eyes .
tr	PAST	Sarah floated down the stairs in a ray of sunlight to find Wadsworth standing at the bottom .
tr	PAST	Clyde slowed down a bit until he was walking alongside his captor .
tr	PRES	Little Dove who looked as if she couldn 't outrun a flower .
tr	PAST	His left fender crumpled against an outcropping , shattering the headlamp on that side .
tr	PRES	Rann chuckles when I say .
tr	PRES	Finally , on Tuesday morning , the hospital discharged Zach .
tr	PRES	the prince said ,  Maybe she will be able to teach you to lighten up , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	 Isn 't your name , Ellery ? 
tr	PRES	It fills my ears , sweet drum .
tr	PRES	"She disappears on a Friday night and opens up her wrists in a hotel bathtub around three A.M. Saturday morning . """
tr	PRES	Duval stares down at the ring .
tr	PRES	Returning to the central room , Rift 's spine twitches when the shrieks and screams resume from below .
tr	PRES	he mumbled while his head was hanging between his knees .
tr	PRES	 Of course not ,  he snorts .
tr	PRES	her father states with concern .
tr	PRES	My dad flips through it , like he 's looking for some sign it 's been tampered with .
va	PRES	 A quarter mile up , half a mile around , and a quarter mile back . 
tr	PRES	He glances over at Justin , who looks down , blushing .
tr	PRES	Trystan pushes the door open , extending his arm , and ushers me inside .
tr	PRES	"Only one argument remains . """
tr	PRES	Hunter points a finger at me and heads for the concession stand .
tr	PRES	 What brings you here to the Goodman family estate ? 
tr	PRES	The grass was crisp underfoot , the night air damp and briny in her nose .
te	PRES	She outright glares at me .
tr	PRES	An image of Marshall sealing his lips over mine flashes through my mind .
va	PRES	She tilts her head as she looks at me and almost smiles .
tr	PRES	Her forefinger taps at her wineglass , and she seems almost nervous .
tr	PRES	 I assume we 'll be making an early start again . 
tr	PRES	" If you didn 't want to do this , then that begs that question of why in the world are you ?
tr	PAST	Giggling , three or four of the other girls flung arms around each other and tried to look sexy .
tr	PRES	 That was some driving , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	We arrive at the hospital shortly after leaving the field and we find everyone in the waiting room .
tr	PRES	When the old couple disappears and her shoulders stop shaking , Kira pulls away from my chest and looks up at me .
tr	PRES	' Knowing him , he blames himself ! '
tr	PRES	It stank of urine and damp , and she found she needed to take care to avoid stepping on unpleasant substances as she descended .
tr	PRES	My stomach flutters at the thought of going to sleep in Cash 's arms every night and waking up in them every morning .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER NINE They 'd been driving for hours when David finally pulled off the highway .
tr	PRES	A new scar , my second , snakes its way across my skin .
tr	PRES	Gage flicks at the shoes in my hands .
tr	PRES	Melissa clutches my sister 's arm .
tr	PRES	I scratch at my forehead , my nervous habit when someone is really seeing me .
te	PRES	He touches his forehead .
tr	PRES	His arm slides out from my knees to grip my side , scorching my bare skin .
te	PRES	He brings me to the cabin .
tr	PRES	The stories range across the human and the physical landscape .
tr	PRES	But Vera 's mind drifts away from the hard times , from the bad years when it seemed like nothing would grow .
tr	PRES	It never occurs to her that perhaps something is impossible , that something just can 't be done .
tr	PRES	"Anyone but her , you pig . """
tr	PRES	He leans on the side of the table and studies my face .
tr	PRES	 Well then , it will be you and me ,  she beamed at me .
tr	PRES	 The cycle ? 
tr	PRES	Impatience fills her voice .
tr	PRES	He nods and gives me a wink .
tr	PRES	" I staked out the loading dock for a couple of days .
tr	PAST	Pippa cocked an eyebrow at him and scowled .
tr	PRES	 Mind control , "" Edgar mumbled with a dark glare ."
tr	PRES	" In a hurry , eh ?
tr	PRES	Recollection fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	Kent tipped his head , squinting .
tr	PAST	The plate shattered on the sink .
tr	PRES	As Prospero leads us across two wide avenues , the tip of my boot crushes part of a shattered mask .
tr	PAST	I inhaled and looked around the room .
tr	PAST	Harry clutched his own belt and tested it .
tr	PRES	She refuses to heed my instruction ! "
tr	PRES	He breathes in my scent .
tr	PRES	The vicious clouds no longer surround us and we 're wrapped in the bright , white luminescence of soft , fluffy clouds .
tr	PRES	"And she loves him , instead of me ! """
tr	PRES	Jason slides his hand over his bald scalp as he slowly stands .
te	PRES	 It changes people . 
tr	PRES	she cries , laughing loudly , she leans over and kisses my cheek , hers eyes beaming with happiness .
tr	PRES	Finn begins to dole the dumplings out into bowls while I swipe up the spill .
tr	PRES	"But , remember this , notify me prior to taking any action . """
te	PRES	His expression clears when I sit next to him and we sit in comfortable silence .
tr	PRES	"I assume you do keep up to date , so you can report back to Carl my every move ? """
te	PRES	 When he 's not off fighting terrorists , pirates , and drug runners around the world . 
tr	PRES	"Finally he mumbled , "" You try stopping her from doing something once her mind is made up . """
tr	PRES	Not that it mattered , because Tara didn 't taste a thing .
tr	PRES	He then glances sharply at the glass panel .
tr	PRES	"Go sell him some of your stuff ! """
tr	PRES	Without them , the system stops working .
tr	PRES	"They march towards us as we speak ! """
tr	PRES	"Chapter Eight Nina "" Oh my God !"
tr	PRES	I crave him on his knees in front of me , crave that wicked tongue of his once again taking me over the edge of orgasm .
tr	PRES	After a while , his breathing changes into the steady rhythm of sleep , and his hand falls away to rest on his blanket .
tr	PRES	The corner shop closes at ten , and Derek left at half eight .
tr	PRES	" The individual wears dark clothing .
tr	PAST	 It wasn 't so bad , "" I backtracked ."
tr	PRES	The moonlight shone through the window that overlooked the streets of San Francisco , and the white gauzy curtain blew gently in the night breeze .
tr	PRES	 Glazed doughnuts , here we come , my treat . 
tr	PRES	In space , Lance snaps out with his mind , grabs Warrior by the wings and stretches them out .
tr	PRES	He points to the ground on his way back to his car .
tr	PRES	Dallas leans her elbows on the table .
tr	PRES	He breathes out , hard .
va	PRES	 The bow ! 
tr	PRES	As we come along the high part of the road , though , even Jonathan falls silent .
tr	PRES	" Most of the time this type of conspiracy involves money .
va	PRES	 Tiny islands where no one would think to look ."
te	PRES	"You owe me , remember ? """
tr	PRES	Says it 's from my stalker , and he has a message for me .
tr	PRES	You dictate how this is going to go .
va	PRES	"Unless you just fancy tormenting Sean Kendrick . """
tr	PRES	Brick 's hero card shone from beneath his nipple as he tried as hard as possible not to think about being one .
tr	PRES	I spat after the enduring silence .
tr	PRES	He pulls me to my feet and presses a quick kiss to my lips .
te	PRES	The door yawns open .
va	PRES	' Patti ? ' '
tr	PRES	 They always exist . 
tr	PRES	James and I exchange a look , but ultimately we get of the car .
tr	PRES	"Are you Fae ? """
tr	PRES	Just remember , if they don 't accept it , signal the others immediately .
tr	PRES	"He belongs to someone else . """
tr	PRES	The diminutive amount of confidence I had acquired over the course of our short conversation fades away in an instant with his demand .
tr	PRES	Gossip , somebody slamming some unknown person , event invitations , quotes ... James Preston is in a relationship .
tr	PRES	Realm sits up , resting his elbows on his bent knees as he lets the blood continue to run down his face .
tr	PRES	I march after him into the building .
va	PRES	 It looks perfect ,  I add as I smile and dig into the food .
tr	PRES	Maggie watched the man with her , his bowtie limp but still attached at the throat .
tr	PRES	 Thanks ,  I spat some water and rinsed my face .
tr	PRES	And tomorrow , it all begins .
va	PRES	He shimmers as he walks and is no doubt journeying to his eternal home on a pleasurable island in the Sea of Tranquility .
te	PRES	My other hand slides down her neck , leaving a hot trail as I feel my way along her wet clothes and body down to her hips .
va	PRES	" I was so scared , Jess .
tr	PRES	Jean states with confidence .
tr	PAST	Some of the older boys giggled nervously .
tr	PAST	It can 't be that bad ,  he lied . """
tr	PRES	The look in his eyes pushes me nearly over the edge .
tr	PRES	Looking left then right , I exit the aisle .
te	PRES	He scratched his ear .
tr	PRES	 Ellen Rose . 
tr	PRES	Bruce sighed , and then reached down , pul ing a rather large hunting knife from a holster .
tr	PRES	He flashes back and as I push harder I hear his scream .
tr	PRES	" By telling me to ditch my clothes ?
tr	PAST	That prevented Jenny from crying , but she wasn 't convinced .
tr	PRES	After that I had no choice -  "" Danny , "" I half yelled , half begged ."
va	PRES	Lean into me , ' she sings slowly , looking right in my direction as if she can see me through the window .
tr	PRES	" It 'll be okay , Becks .
tr	PAST	No shotgun boomed at him .
tr	PAST	He stripped her , wanting that blood-stained clothing away from her delicate skin .
tr	PAST	He rinsed his pink palms and shut off the water .
tr	PAST	I crouched in front of the desk , opening and closing drawers .
tr	PAST	Just do it ,  Kenny urged ."
tr	PRES	 Now you two look so darling ,  she sighs tearfully .
tr	PRES	The elevator stops on floor 93 .
tr	PRES	 As you command , Your Highness . 
te	PRES	If it actually breathed at all and didn 't just exist on pure evil alone .
tr	PRES	 Probably best it remains that way . 
va	PRES	As if he couldn 't ask Howell .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Katie ?
tr	PAST	 The prophecy named you as the person who needed to collect the information from Darian ."
tr	PRES	 I see your friend Heather over there Jessica ,  Momma sometimes likes to point out the obvious , just to spark up a conversation .
te	PRES	Barely able to defend in time , the young man remains resolute , spinning into a whirlwind slash that forces his dark opponent back a step .
tr	PRES	Bobby sits on the hearth , then stands .
tr	PRES	" Just that Abbey tells me everything ,  she paused , "" Big Boy . """
tr	PRES	The meeting lasts for another hour .
tr	PRES	 We 're hungry ,  I blurt .
tr	PRES	But he deserves someone who is perfect , someone that isn 't me .
tr	PRES	I almost spat out my wine .
tr	PRES	He swallows , absorbing this .
tr	PRES	Feeling a little bit despondent she logged into her social media accounts to see what had happened since she last checked them on Thursday night .
tr	PRES	She opens both sodas and tears the sandwich in half , handing me part of it .
tr	PRES	Madeline lets out a whoop .
tr	PRES	Frowning , I lean forward .
tr	PRES	"Thanks for the advice , Tommy . """
tr	PRES	I assume he has no time to watch me appreciate the beauty that 's probably commonplace to him .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me in surprise .
va	PRES	The others mumbled their agreements , so we helped them up and started the walk back to the snowmobiles .
tr	PRES	' ... and spat out , ' finished Jordan .
tr	PRES	He shone a light in my eyes , held up the X-rays to examine them and drew in a long breath .
tr	PRES	 Business background , or are you open to the creative professions ? 
te	PRES	When she sees me , she jumps off the stool and runs to me , pulling me into a tight hug .
tr	PRES	The man releases a red-faced Lexie .
tr	PRES	"Stephanie murmurs , "" Tell me the story again ... about the baby dolphin . """
tr	PRES	 That video . 
tr	PRES	I shone the light in the direction of the noise but only saw deepening darkness .
tr	PRES	 Gene therapy . 
tr	PRES	She yawns and stifles it behind her hand .
tr	PRES	IX Henry breathes in deeply , then out .
tr	PRES	You and your friends have passes out of Morganville .
tr	PRES	"When Maggie just looked at her , she went on , "" Them ."
tr	PRES	Like us , he deals with items associated with the history of music , Hollywood , Broadway , and other memorabilia associated with entertainment .
tr	PRES	I estimate that we 've made it about a mile from the circumference of the county , so we 're out of sniper range .
va	PRES	Next to him , Holly laughs , her own cheeks pink .
tr	PRES	 So she 's doing field research ,  I conclude .
tr	PRES	"Taking one look at Gloria , he whirled around and called out , "" Corrie ! """
tr	PRES	It paces the floor back and forth a few dozen times and then as quickly as it appeared , disappears up the stairwell .
tr	PRES	 She loves you and will do anything for her disgusting parasite husband . 
va	PRES	I manage to say .
tr	PRES	 Sasha ... Sasha ...  When Tucker was two strides away , the man had had enough and reached into his jacket .
va	PRES	' Don 't worry , Private .
tr	PRES	The dam sits right at the top of the park and makes electricity from the water flowing northward from those two manmade lakes .
tr	PRES	 Patience brings the greater prize . 
tr	PRES	"Then , a timid , "" Hello , Toni ... "" "" Hello . """
tr	PRES	" Six for certain , as long as we harvest them from different areas .
tr	PAST	I comprehend what he just said .
tr	PRES	Mist creeps into my room , carrying the scent of eucalyptus .
tr	PRES	Then Doug presents the bottom line ,  We 're going to do what we can to cure the ones who can be cured ."
va	PRES	He input the same five digits , and he heard the same click .
tr	PRES	"Are you going to give her some space , you silly dog ? """
tr	PRES	I spring up from my seat , unable to contain how happy and relieved I am to see him .
tr	PRES	Then another snap but to the right this time .
tr	PRES	My vision gradually clears , and when I realise what I can see I gasp and press my hands up against the glass .
tr	PRES	" Thanks Signor Beppe .
te	PAST	At first , it just earned a few raised hairs .
te	PRES	I demand that you open up ! '
te	PAST	When I was working yesterday , I overheard a conversation between Geoffrey and Stan .
te	PAST	 Ok , give me a moment while I check my records , "" she sifted through the patient records on her desk ."
tr	PRES	 No alarms yet . 
tr	PRES	I mutter as I instinctively reach a hand out to her .
tr	PRES	 Lucien ,  I gasped , still pushing , blackness penetrating at the sides of my eyes .
tr	PRES	I shout too loudly , and the bridge shakes .
tr	PRES	She hid behind a strong , brave facade , and it pissed me the hell off that Rock let her .
te	PRES	" But enough chatter .
tr	PAST	He cuffed her , read her the rights she knew by heart from TV shows and practically threw her in the back of a police van .
tr	PRES	 He likes you ."
tr	PRES	 A shamanic totem . 
tr	PRES	Turning around Kol sees Loki holding a dagger to Curios throat .
te	PRES	You martyr yourself for things you 're not responsible for .
tr	PRES	After the show , I snuck into her dressing room .
tr	PRES	 You disagree about what ? 
tr	PRES	 It only reminds me of my difficult times . 
va	PRES	"Today I sing it for my mother . """
tr	PRES	 Quit creeping me out . 
tr	PRES	" Didn 't I tell you she wiser ' n most men ?
tr	PAST	 Da , "" he exclaimed ."
tr	PRES	I cock my head as I think of something .
te	PRES	The words on my phone threaten to burn my hand , so I drop the wretched phone and take a swig of wine .
tr	PRES	Daddy 's voice brings me back from my fantasy .
tr	PRES	 Jerry Falcon . 
tr	PRES	It deals with physical infirmities which might prevent you from serving .
tr	PRES	" Launch imminent ... .
tr	PAST	We crawled on our bellies down the shaft .
tr	PRES	 You do have a flair for the dramatic visual , Lucy , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	"Will you forgive me ? """
tr	PRES	It passes in an instant .
te	PRES	she teased and was glad when he took it in the humorous way she 'd intended .
te	PRES	Madame pinches some of the dress fabric , loose at the waist , though she 's taken it in once before .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me .
tr	PRES	Rope wears away , just from the wind .
tr	PRES	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body drifts in with a high tide .
te	PRES	I aim and throw the key ring up .
tr	PRES	 Only if I win ,  I clarify .
tr	PRES	Elder just stands there , begging me with his eyes to stop , to not make him think there 's any hope left .
tr	PRES	Past women gardening , and men riding lawnmowers .
tr	PRES	It misses the heart , but his eyes go wide and there is unleashed from his gullet a choking cough filled with whole marshlands of boiling blood .
tr	PRES	Bogart stands up and nervously takes a few steps .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Pol ? '
tr	PRES	The music stops and Rex loses his train of thought .
tr	PRES	 No ,  Art corrects me .
tr	PRES	 Piece of crap airplane ,  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	"She likes it . """
tr	PRES	( Liz likes questions too much to ever let one go unanswered . )
va	PRES	People both young and old and of all different shapes and ethnicities shuffle in and out of rooms , all along the halls .
tr	PRES	Her hair is fanned out all around her , a riot of golden tendrils coiling around flower stems .
tr	PRES	Alex presses the gas pedal to the floor .
tr	PRES	Extremely hungry , she begins to lick the deer 's belly , preparing to open it up .
tr	PRES	" Not that I recall .
tr	PAST	Her head smacked back , and the pleasure I felt would worry therapists across the nation .
tr	PRES	 So it stands to reason there 's something about the line that fortifies or protects a corpse ."
tr	PRES	Suddenly finding the pavement extremely interesting , I hid behind my hair , praying he would not see the fiery blush tainting my cheeks .
tr	PRES	The man sits down , each small movement deliberate , and Alba speak again .
tr	PRES	The image fades and I know it is because the woman in the vision is gone , at least her body is .
tr	PRES	A wave of energy shoots through the floor .
tr	PRES	"And why drag me along with you ? """
tr	PRES	 Don 't steal my car ,  Gabe mutters .
tr	PRES	And ridiculous lies , too .
tr	PRES	She flashes me a grin and sways her h * ps as she struts down the hall .
tr	PRES	"And if you decline to purchase insurance from us -- "" "" Enough ! """
tr	PRES	I arrive to find Arlo with Rosamund .
tr	PRES	 So that 's that settlement then ,  Viola whispers as we take a look behind us and watch it disappear behind a bend .
tr	PRES	Dried branches and crunchy gravel crack beneath my feet with each step .
tr	PRES	Zoey watched Aria disappear through the dining room .
tr	PRES	He reaches the top of the staircase , and collapses atop of Eli 's remains .
tr	PRES	I swing and swing away with all my might .
tr	PRES	"The earth once more breathes hope . """
tr	PRES	 Did I do something to make you mad , Zane ? 
tr	PRES	" Don 't feel bad , Mia .
tr	PRES	Oh , this sure brings back memories : so that 's where I got the nickname from , then .
tr	PRES	His magic washes into me , seeping through my skin .
tr	PRES	He opens the front door and points me to the edge of the porch .
tr	PRES	Day after day , I roam around alone , unable to trust anyone as I search for answers that will lead me to the truth .
tr	PRES	She holds it out for me .
tr	PRES	 What if Belmont returns ? """
tr	PRES	The second pellet meets the same quick fate .
tr	PRES	As she stood beside the girls , their gaze fluttered past her stiff posture , the square shoulder pads hiding her small frame underneath .
tr	PRES	 Did they discover anything ? 
tr	PRES	Let 's unpack our cases .
tr	PRES	 To celebrate life . 
tr	PRES	She slips her arm through mine , hugging herself close to me as we walk .
tr	PRES	" He greatly regrets the fall you 've taken .
va	PRES	I better hustle inside .
va	PRES	Dean picks up his drumsticks and places them into a large duffel bag .
va	PAST	I stamped my foot on the carpeted floor .
va	PRES	Madeline and Charlotte shift uncomfortably .
va	PAST	I jotted down Darby 's number .
va	PRES	An energy imprint that was related to what he 'd found in Emily 's mind .
va	PRES	I hunt to eat -- not for sport like many vamps .
va	PAST	I whirled around , almost dropping the can of Coke .
va	PRES	 I intend to find out ."
te	PRES	Confronted by a live , snapping dragon , he throws his daughter off his sled to sprawl in front of the beast .
tr	PRES	He finally releases me as I step toward the other room .
tr	PRES	Cameron danced back on light feet , Bellamy following him , fists flying .
tr	PRES	" I reckon it is .
va	PRES	 We owe you so much . """
tr	PRES	 Just warn me next time . 
tr	PRES	 Well , hello there . 
tr	PRES	* He belongs to the other Queen .
tr	PRES	Patty loves to come here , too .
va	PRES	He reaches across the car and tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a Budweiser commercial .
va	PRES	Like a mighty fire , they quickly consume whatever is fed them .
va	PRES	Then , once they were in some weird formation , the front vehicle emitted a sound .
va	PAST	He moaned , wincing as she pulled him as far away as he could go .
va	PRES	 Um , chums , do I -- oh ."
tr	PRES	She frowns at me .
tr	PRES	 But what about Graham ? 
tr	PRES	I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute .
tr	PRES	The cheesy chicken was tasty , the potatoes fluffy .
te	PRES	"For now , let him ... grieve alone . """
tr	PRES	Chapter 16 No Going Back Arlo stands before me , looking just as glorious as the last time I remember seeing him .
tr	PRES	 I feel so bad for them ,  June whispers to me .
tr	PRES	" And right now ,  he guessed , "" you especially detest me . """
tr	PRES	"In my driveway , trying to resist the urge to blow up my car . """
tr	PRES	" Come on , bro .
tr	PRES	His answering scoff was brittle as he flinched away from her touch .
tr	PAST	She prayed for the floor to swallow her up whole but knew she was stuck .
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly through the battered blinds but Logan barely felt the heat .
tr	PAST	The tyres squealed as I jammed on the anchors , stopping a few millimetres from the gate .
tr	PRES	 Everyone sees it ."
tr	PRES	 Shit ,  I mutter , tearing my eyes away from his perfect face .
tr	PRES	"He would be nothing without them , "" Nikolai exclaims ."
tr	PRES	" Look , it doesn 't matter what that rag sheet said or didn 't say , Maya .
va	PAST	She rounded on Jamie .
va	PRES	Something flickers in his eyes .
va	PAST	Andy 's face flushed a little with embarrassment .
va	PRES	He moves toward me , as if he 's going to hug me , but I hold up a hand .
va	PRES	 A saddle ! """
tr	PRES	He likes Annie and everything .
tr	PRES	Something causes a rift between two people , and time coupled with pride only increases it .
tr	PRES	Sean hears them , too .
tr	PRES	' Because he 's sitting up there as bold as brass in his Grotto , giving away presents ! '
tr	PRES	She moaned slightly as she arched her head back , her lips parting .
tr	PRES	 Calder , I -  My voice sounds so tiny , so timid .
te	PRES	"Major McCabe ... Or was his name Major Walker ? """
tr	PRES	Don 't you fret about it .
tr	PRES	A laugh bursts from my throat .
tr	PRES	"Only learns enough to be superficially competent . """
tr	PRES	"No turkey ham your way . """
tr	PRES	"Push the ticket under the door . """
tr	PRES	 Yes , I understand ,  Rema mumbled .
tr	PRES	But the pleasure spiked inside me , propel ing me forward .
tr	PRES	' Perhaps , Detective Love , but for one thing . '
tr	PRES	He completely blocks out the booth .
tr	PRES	She grits her teeth .
tr	PRES	He pauses , dropping his mouth open in a spasm of sarcasm .
tr	PRES	" So many tests .
tr	PAST	I propped myself onto my elbow .
tr	PRES	 Good lad . """
tr	PRES	Jack enters the club and pushes through the crowd .
tr	PRES	She rolls over , holding her stomach .
tr	PRES	Disgust twists in my stomach as I watch him counting off rolls of toilet paper and then marking the number on a clipboard .
va	PRES	She snaps the phone open .
tr	PRES	Saffron , Tiger Lily , Isabella , Lise My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	The thought of facing Thomas alone in a jail cell sends a wave of panic through me , but I steel myself .
tr	PRES	It plays a huge role in the structure of neurons , especially at synapses .
tr	PRES	"Then without missing a beat she said , "" Right this way , fellas . """
tr	PRES	My entire body stiffens , and those red warning sirens turn back on , telling me I should stop him .
tr	PRES	Devin snuck up behind her .
tr	PRES	"Of course the first word that enters my head is going to be your name . """
tr	PRES	And part of me wishes that it would .
tr	PRES	" Did you sleep well , Elijah ?
tr	PAST	His green eyes reflected the almost full moon above us .
tr	PAST	 Lie close to him , Shea , "" Gregori instructed ."
va	PRES	You refuse , James chuckles , looking at his grandmother .
tr	PRES	Looking around again , I lean over and quickly grab the small bowl of honey .
tr	PRES	 Uh-huh ,  I murmur , running through my notes again .
tr	PRES	" Any idea what they  ve done , captain ? """
tr	PRES	 I 'm listening ,  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	He nods in affirmative as he keeps writing in his notepad .
te	PRES	" Oh , come on , Andrea .
tr	PRES	He gripped the seat belt and ripped it from the buckle , his growling shout filling the car .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself on the door , his legs too used to the slur of the drunken world to stand with the sober .
tr	PRES	 What about Ash ? """
tr	PRES	 Oh , how delightful . 
tr	PRES	Without warning , he enters me in one long thrust , forcing a loud moan out of my throat as we slam hard up against the wall .
tr	PRES	 Anything else you require , Princess ? 
te	PRES	 Yes ,  Olivia breathed , her voice husky .
va	PRES	"Cause you have crumbs all over your mouth as well . """
tr	PRES	He slams his chronometer hand up against the cabinet in front of us .
tr	PRES	Right down sharp to a place almost below the falls .
tr	PRES	My mom pushes away from the table .
tr	PRES	"And I reek of cherry Coke . """
tr	PRES	Or it might catch you , the voice notes .
te	PRES	Carefully stepping between the pieces of debris , Rift stops short when the spectacle within the next room grabs hold of his eyes .
tr	PRES	You scare the shit out of me , but you did good .
tr	PRES	All those lectures and study groups and God-awful group presentations , ' he added , ' Why should I have to tick their stupid boxes ?
tr	PRES	"She rarely wears any lipstick . """
tr	PRES	I hates doin ' it this way ! '
tr	PRES	The creature remains silent , his eyes penetrating deep .
tr	PRES	 The lighthouse ? 
tr	PRES	Paul 's one just falls short , and sails through the window of one of the lower classrooms on the floor below .
tr	PRES	 Get up ,  I snap , my voice harsher than I intended .
tr	PRES	 Zip lining ? 
te	PRES	" Get lost , asshole .
te	PRES	He sits thinking for a few minutes until Quin walks silently back into the room .
te	PRES	Jet motions for us to join them .
te	PRES	When I turned around I saw that Sunder stood behind me , his lab coat flapping in the small breeze really adding to the villain effect .
te	PAST	He always gained a little when they went uphill .
te	PAST	He was not disgusted by her nature , he reveled in it .
te	PAST	He gestured to the family room where his cousins had settled into their own seats .
te	PAST	I stashed the knife in my belt and proceeded to right the upturned table .
te	PAST	The Sultana 's bow crept ahead , gaining on the smaller vessel .
te	PRES	 Come on , Billy ."
te	PRES	 No shots . 
tr	PRES	The ninja knelt where Ledo had stood and touched the ground with a few fingers and then with his palm .
tr	PRES	 Just like you stopped that baby from hit ing the pavement . 
tr	PRES	That saves us some time .
tr	PRES	A voice whispers through the darkness .
tr	PRES	"Did you tippy toe your way up here ? """
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out and flicks a switch to activate the loudspeaker .
va	PRES	 And your language ? 
tr	PRES	' ... The town 's adverse , and so perverse .
va	PRES	 Figures ,  she murmurs .
tr	PRES	And that brings up another thing .
tr	PRES	 How much farther ? 
tr	PRES	 I could make you worry about me ,  Nicholas carries on the conversation without missing a beat .
tr	PRES	 What brings you back here ? 
tr	PRES	He tilted her chin up to examine her flushed face and glazed eyes .
tr	PRES	" But let me ask you a question , Stein .
te	PAST	My last few words trailed off as the realization of what might have been hit me full force .
te	PRES	She shakes her head quickly .
te	PAST	As before , something from the inside blocked it .
te	PAST	The plumber carefully examined the internal circuitry and determined that shorting the incoming 120 volts would most likely cause significant damage to the circuit board .
te	PRES	 Especial y Mum ."
va	PRES	The currents wash a lot of stuff up , down on the coast . '
tr	PRES	I wiggle out of his embrace and head outside .
tr	PRES	 Thank you ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	 Just a lot cooler . 
tr	PRES	Kill by kill , someone else trickles in to eclipse the light where he used to be .
tr	PRES	"As an example to prove my point , his concept of foreplay amounts to little more than , ' in the pickup Bitch ' . """
tr	PRES	The long grass ripples as the wind whips across the open fields .
tr	PRES	Asks Robert , my mind flickers back to the lights from the greenhouse I mistook for the setting sun .
tr	PRES	He carries a sword toward me that has the flame emblem on the hilt .
tr	PRES	I wince at the pinch of the piercing metal , drilling a hole into my flesh .
tr	PRES	My father never forgave her for her actions and their marriage went sour from there .
tr	PRES	You , Sheriff , who wear that badge with a straight face ? '
va	PRES	The necklines scoops low and the back dips even lower .
va	PRES	 In that case , prepare to spend half of our married life knocked senseless . 
tr	PRES	 You assume I am inexpensive . 
tr	PRES	 I know that ,  James snaps .
tr	PRES	And he likes me , Hannah thought .
tr	PRES	 Something smells good . 
tr	PRES	And her impeccable instincts .
tr	PRES	 Good morning crew ! 
tr	PRES	 Look , Bride ,  he said , his voice deep and resonant .
te	PRES	 Can mages borrow life force from trees and animals ? 
tr	PRES	 Dr. Jones . 
tr	PRES	 They teach life after death . 
tr	PRES	"After I felt I could , I begged illness , received my pay , and slipped away with no one the wiser . """
tr	PRES	 That 's not true ,  she spills the words easy as oil .
tr	PRES	"And you can feel free to do it any time you like , "" he teased ."
te	PRES	One heart stops , and many die .
tr	PRES	" Some years ago , a priest in Romania -  "" Father Hummer . """
tr	PRES	 Me too ,  he replies softly .
te	PRES	Warns the leader and the man to his left holds the gun upwards -- the man doesn 't move any further .
tr	PRES	' The removal of all rivals from within the Order of the Allied Moon . '
tr	PRES	I swing from the shoulder .
te	PRES	I thought you weren 't going to use my number , ' I teased . '
tr	PRES	The triangle of lace between her legs matches her bra .
va	PRES	She bent over to kiss him , her hair sliding over his chest , the silky strands causing him to shiver with anticipation .
tr	PRES	Questions Bjorn heading back towards the bar .
tr	PRES	I wiggle like mad to free myself from the strong mans grip .
tr	PRES	 About Shadows . 
tr	PRES	"Actually , the fun really begins when you meet -- well , I 'll let him introduce himself when the moment presents itself . """
tr	PRES	I murmur , walking over .
tr	PRES	 Not one of my priorities frankly . 
tr	PRES	 With Thomas Jr. . 
va	PRES	 I overreacted . 
tr	PRES	He bundled the baby up and rode into the valley , stopping at the first farm he came to .
tr	PRES	As he shoves it into the ground , the cylinder fills up with dirt .
tr	PRES	I lean back to look at her .
tr	PRES	Rene loves to travel and has visited numerous countries around the world .
tr	PRES	He kills and kills and kills .
tr	PRES	 Story ,  Sara whispers .
tr	PRES	The rush of speed bursts through me , like bubbles popping on the surface of water .
tr	PRES	" The al - knowing , understanding dead languages blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	 Yes , "" I lied automatically , for it was what people always said , wasn 't it ?"
tr	PRES	The train passing brings up memories of earlier times .
tr	PRES	" Nash , I -  "" Shh . """
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Jess .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , and my elbow slipped off the window .
tr	PAST	They downed the dregs of their tea and stood up .
tr	PAST	They described the place and listed all its good points .
tr	PRES	 Well that explains a little about the murders , perhaps , and certainly helps take any heat off of you , Hunter . """
va	PRES	 On earning your wings . 
va	PRES	 Jacob trusts you . 
tr	PRES	He shakes his head .
tr	PRES	The man stops the bicycle , both black high-top athletic shoes anchored on the pavement .
tr	PRES	 She still loves you , Zane ; she 's your mom . 
tr	PRES	I tripped and fell to the ground , and it took me a very long moment to get back up .
tr	PRES	Celeste shifted her weight , her bracelets jangling musically against one another .
tr	PRES	" You 're killers , all of you vamps .
tr	PRES	She sees me for what I was , for what I am , and I 'm dead set on fixing that .
tr	PAST	But her brother named her as Elizabeth Faulkner with her employer 's address on the envelope of his letter .
tr	PAST	Hurt lanced deeply , but she struggled to keep her composure .
tr	PAST	He dialed Amber 's cell phone , but it went directly to voice mail .
tr	PRES	She can 't be , ' I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	 Sylvia ... "" Zell softly tried to wake her ."
tr	PRES	But he remains silent .
tr	PRES	Just then Mitch lets out a snore , his mouth still hanging open in sleep .
tr	PRES	Two hours and six pages later , I pul ed on my boots and met Jared outside .
tr	PRES	 If that 's true , then what about Bryce ? 
tr	PRES	"He creeps me out . """
tr	PRES	Rats stank of panic .
tr	PRES	Her hands cradled the thick length of him , her fingertips memorizing the feel and shape of his heavy erection with maddening slowness .
tr	PRES	My skin tingles , and my hands peel back and grow hot .
tr	PRES	He gathers all his energies .
tr	PRES	He chuckles again at length and I wonder what 's so funny .
tr	PRES	As soon as her eyes catch our arrival she stops talking , and , smiling widely , stands to greet her grandson .
te	PRES	He begins to feel a personal connection to the tiger and wonders if he feels it too .
tr	PRES	 And you approve of that ? 
tr	PRES	Her inexplicably purple wall .
tr	PRES	Horror washes over me as I open the door and spy my family .
tr	PRES	"Stupid , stupid , stupid , "" I mutter to myself ."
tr	PRES	His hand slides in mine as he gives me a wicked grin .
tr	PRES	 And freezing . 
tr	PRES	I hesitate while I weigh each possible response and every reasonable outcome .
tr	PRES	 You cruel , selfish bastard . 
tr	PRES	 What about Afghanistan ? 
tr	PRES	Then he glances away , and a giggle slips out of him that 's all boy .
tr	PRES	 Calm down , dude ,  Matt whispers out of the side of his mouth .
te	PRES	Sinead stands beside him and cries as she holds her sister 's good hand .
te	PRES	I Google map directions , and I 'm on my bike and pedaling down the road in less than a minute .
tr	PRES	And then the old brass lamp that shines over my book pages cuts out , along with the one other light I have on in my apartment .
tr	PRES	"Now Zuzana sighed and said , "" Fine ."
tr	PRES	He sheds his fur , showing bright pink skin underneath .
va	PRES	" For your friends the dwarves ?
va	PRES	They enter a corridor and then an elevator .
va	PRES	Curious , he lowers it from her mouth .
va	PRES	 Public transit ? """
tr	PRES	 Thank you ,  she mumbled as she chewed .
tr	PRES	Shea leapt over a rotting log and stopped abruptly under the canopy of a huge tree .
tr	PRES	 Cam , how far ? 
tr	PRES	 The lesson ? 
tr	PRES	Roland Powell comforted his wife and nodded his agreement to Adams .
tr	PRES	"They expose the radioactive core and the whole thing powers up . """
va	PRES	Behind them , Aria shimmers and flashes into view .
tr	PRES	"Even more responsible ? """
tr	PRES	 You and every other Erudite who ever stuck a needle in me ,  Tris snaps .
tr	PRES	The humour 's face warped once more and the dreadful mouth reappeared .
te	PRES	If she passed one on the road , her blood pressure spiked .
tr	PRES	He puts his hand on my neck , right below my ear , and brushes along my jaw with his thumb .
tr	PRES	Dobbs holds my gaze .
tr	PRES	The cavern lies above .
tr	PRES	He glances at the half full bottle of JD .
tr	PRES	The chick hopped out from the clock onto the ledge , its yellow feathers gleaming in the sunlight .
tr	PRES	"Go celebrate with him . """
tr	PRES	For now , let 's just assume it had something to do with Titus , alright ?
tr	PRES	Before he had the chance to figure it out , his cell starting buzzing .
tr	PRES	Instead , her brows knit together in studious interest .
tr	PRES	 Not if you have a large box to retrieve . 
tr	PRES	 She 's my girlfriend ,  Brandon mumbled , and I noticed the guy 's surprised look .
tr	PRES	My dad points into the darkness , beyond the collapsed wreckage of what used to be a watchtower , into the desert .
tr	PRES	And those dim shapes movin ... ?
tr	PRES	"If you really want to help ... "" She averted her eyes ."
tr	PRES	There is a lot of different soups , she pauses and laughs as she holds up a can of French onion soup .
tr	PRES	" Time to sleep , buddy .
tr	PRES	Nicole 's brows knit together as if she wished she could confirm Sara 's identity .
tr	PRES	He mumbled  parallel universes ... ?"
tr	PRES	" Of course we can , sweetie .
tr	PRES	She offers me a genuine smile and makes me feel good inside , like I did something right .
tr	PAST	 I have been back over the stretch of trail where we found John 's body several times now , "" he stated ."
tr	PRES	 Another dragon ! 
tr	PRES	Florence stands and casts a sympathetic look over me .
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes and the breathing thing isn 't working and everything feels out of control .
tr	PRES	Tobias 's eyes shift to me .
va	PRES	The moon shimmers in the sky , half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens .
va	PRES	 Yes , what is it , mamma ? 
tr	PRES	I wove my way toward him slowly .
tr	PRES	But he offers a large bill , and then another , and promises of more , and she may keep her legs closed .
va	PRES	"Seminary waits for no man . """
tr	PRES	But it eases the situation , to have this white lie believed .
tr	PRES	He points toward me .
tr	PRES	 Not really ,  Addy mumbled , but she doubted her mother heard because Gran spoke over her .
va	PRES	Ervin sees her still standing there and pauses , frowning .
va	PRES	" And be sitting ducks .
te	PAST	So many factors contributed to this fateful night . '
te	PRES	 He hopes to be a chiropractor like Dad . """
te	PRES	She freezes , and I give a weak wave .
tr	PRES	It washes through my insides and tastes almost a little sweet .
tr	PRES	 An experiment ? 
tr	PRES	Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime , not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and soar into the sky .
tr	PRES	The man holds his hand out expectantly .
tr	PRES	" Turning Lucifer heel ?
te	PRES	 I only serve that when I really want to impress a girl . """
tr	PRES	A sheer wall blocks all further progress .
tr	PRES	He revved his engine again .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes .
te	PRES	Luna danced according to the beat of the drum ( where did that guy come from , anyway ? )
tr	PRES	He speeds up a little , but stays within the limit , reaching out a calming hand to touch my knee .
tr	PRES	 And they deserve to know they are being deceived . 
te	PRES	 Because Jet sounds badass . 
tr	PRES	He nods as he wipes his greasy hands on a rag .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , Diana .
tr	PAST	She screeched and hammered herself into the house .
tr	PAST	 I 've never seen anything like that , "" he mumbled , presumably talking about the body in the suitcase ."
tr	PRES	"The murdered cow ? """
tr	PRES	"The way she treats you . """
tr	PRES	The shops all sell cheap products for the welfare crowd and the low income .
tr	PRES	He sees no reason that Lung Shen Li should not visit us even in Sydney to deliver them , when that should be convenient .
tr	PRES	He reaches his arm over my shoulder and draws back the curtain for me .
tr	PRES	" Any hidden tattoos I should know about ?
tr	PAST	 I remember that windbreak , "" Lydia chimed in ."
te	PRES	He sees me and reaches down to pick the little girl up .
tr	PRES	He rattles my hand in the air and I take it back .
tr	PRES	 I 'm not hungry for that ,  I snap .
tr	PRES	The coach clears his throat , and his lined face goes a bit pink .
te	PRES	- He disappears into ash .
tr	PRES	The story begins with Book One , carries on and concludes with Book Two . .
tr	PRES	"I shove Cooper again , "" Damn it Cooper ! """
tr	PRES	Debbie begins chattering the moment he is out of earshot .
tr	PRES	" He likes your freckles too much .
tr	PRES	 It was over , Paulette ."
tr	PRES	 And Gregory Davis ? 
tr	PRES	My lips collide with hers , hungrily I kissed her .
te	PRES	Or a low messy bun .
va	PRES	" Du n no , sir .
tr	PRES	We want it , we crave it ; we think of little else .
tr	PRES	Kylie brushed a strand of blond hair behind her ear , her nerves stil jumpy .
tr	PRES	 If you 're not Fae . """
tr	PRES	 No one really likes their boss but he wasn 't bad . 
tr	PRES	' Du n no , mate , and don 't care .
tr	PRES	The door to the band room opens , and Mason slingshots himself out and flies across Skye 's and my lap , laying his head in mine .
te	PRES	 I was torturing my father , before you interrupted me ,  Maya states simply .
tr	PRES	' Eh there lass .
tr	PRES	I punch the button and slide my finger across the screen .
tr	PRES	 The Family . 
tr	PRES	A kid learns the basics damn fast on a ranch .
tr	PRES	"Did Mama ever teach you how to cook anything else ? """
tr	PRES	The sea urchin 's sting kills a lot of people each year .
tr	PRES	"Life just sucks ! """
tr	PRES	Instead he wraps me in a hug .
tr	PRES	The smoke clears revealing three dead bodies on the sidewalk of the park .
te	PRES	I wipe tears away with the back of my hand .
tr	PRES	 A reproduction ! 
tr	PRES	She presses the button that clicks off the call , and is again filled with haunting solitary despair .
tr	PRES	 Is he dependable ? 
te	PRES	 To some extent . 
tr	PRES	"How could you "" "" Bessie ? """
tr	PRES	And the rotting corpse topics too .
va	PRES	"Stick with black , it matches your heart . """
tr	PRES	"My parents wil kil me if I lose another phone this year . """
tr	PRES	" The Lady wishes to see you , Iron Prince .
tr	PAST	Claire propped her chin on her fist .
tr	PAST	She faltered for several seconds .
tr	PAST	 Susie has blond hair , "" Chewy mumbled , looking upward ."
tr	PRES	I shout at her .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something and went back to sleep .
tr	PRES	A look of question pops on his face .
tr	PRES	He points west toward the highway beyond the woods .
tr	PRES	He elbows Alec in the ribs and laughs an inordinately boisterous laugh again .
tr	PRES	Our system monitors the implant for keywords only .
tr	PRES	Selfish , selfish , selfish .
va	PRES	 You 're welcome ,  Sabine mumbled as she jerked her head to the right to find Dante and Ryder fighting it out .
tr	PRES	She breathes in the scent of bread as she kicks the bags out of the way .
va	PRES	" Okay , we both screwed up .
tr	PAST	Not a few seconds later , gunfire exploded from out of the distant woods .
tr	PRES	Bob sighs ,  I never wanted kids , Frankie ."
tr	PRES	He brings it back up right away .
tr	PRES	 Tell it to ' Hold when thrown . ' 
tr	PRES	 Mmm ... What is this , carrot ? 
te	PRES	 I assume he doesn 't know this ? 
va	PRES	 She is not my friend ,  snaps Lynn .
tr	PRES	" Of course , mum .
tr	PAST	She stares at me quizzically when she answers it .
tr	PAST	Jack awoke to find Lorraine no longer at his side .
tr	PAST	She limped to her desk , opened the drawer , and took out the leather-bound journal .
tr	PRES	 She likes dogs , too ."
tr	PRES	She had both fists in the wedding cake .
tr	PRES	He sighs deeply and tightens his lips .
te	PRES	" After you helped her torture me ?
te	PAST	Emily taught me that .
te	PAST	She stirred in her sleep .
te	PRES	 My lobster sandwich from lunch ... here it is ! """
te	PRES	I swing the backpack off of my shoulders and fling it at Dham , who 's ready for it .
te	PRES	He tuned the guitar and later on , strummed the tune of the song ' Out of My League . '
tr	PRES	He holds me and never once asks me why I 'm crying .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PAST	Chuck finally motioned , pulled the holder out of the plate , and shook his head in disbelief .
tr	PRES	The road disappears for twelve feet or more , except for girders exposed by the blast and a few thin walkways of unsupported concrete .
tr	PRES	 Sit down , buddy , "" he said , his tone oddly quiet ."
tr	PRES	Everyone else breaks apart into flutter and flurry , like moths circling a flame , undifferentiated blurs against the light .
tr	PRES	A chauffer holds the car 's rear door open , and the woman gracefully slips into its luxuriously upholstered seats .
tr	PRES	Instead she runs with her heart in her throat .
tr	PRES	His muscles spasm , but when he speaks his voice is calm .
tr	PRES	" Kelly , God loves you .
tr	PAST	The other two fanned out either side and edged forward .
tr	PAST	I clutched it as if my entire existence of being depended on it .
tr	PAST	The driver beeped and stuck up a middle finger , but she shrugged it off .
tr	PRES	The idea of having no control over my life terrifies me to my core .
tr	PAST	Anna threaded her fingers through Jamie 's .
tr	PRES	I assume you 'll want it for your friends ? "
tr	PRES	I rip it out .
va	PRES	He glances over at me .
va	PRES	 After you wash up and set the table . 
tr	PRES	He smirks and looks me up and down .
va	PRES	I lean over , my hands on his chest , and he pulls me closer .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , real fun ,  she returns and pulls out a chair next to her .
tr	PRES	On the ground , to the right of the end of the stick , she sees a half eaten apple .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he opens his eyes and I 'm blessed to see their blueness .
tr	PRES	She still remembers how she visited the Underworld in her nightmares , shortly after Tristan was killed .
tr	PRES	Although , it can only ever be a treat sadly .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself up , still holding his side with one hand , and pulls the sweatshirt around his shoulders like a blanket .
va	PRES	Shiv draws back the strands of her tresses falling on her face , gently with his hands .
tr	PRES	 He punished the girls as liberally and as painfully as possible . 
tr	PRES	He opens a file folder in front of him .
te	PRES	As if he hadn 't been terrified of losing her .
te	PRES	Now , this applies to every lawyer , but at this firm we take this professional relationship very seriously .
tr	PRES	He exhales , shaking his skull .
tr	PRES	She shudders and twists her body away from my touch .
tr	PRES	' Not the poker ! '
tr	PRES	" Then it continues on .
te	PAST	Shana flopped onto her back again .
te	PAST	They all squeaked heavily into place for this private meeting .
te	PAST	Abbott slumped on the arm of the sofa and raised his hands to protect himself .
te	PRES	The fact that you didn 't concerns me .
te	PRES	In every permutation of timeline that I have examined - and I have examined a vast number of them - the movie exists .
te	PAST	I recalled what had happened and evaluated my surroundings .
te	PRES	I imitated you perfectly . "
tr	PRES	Quite fast it streams out .
tr	PRES	He hates who and what he is and he hates us seeing him like that .
tr	PRES	He then flips his cape and shadows rise all around him as a mist comes out of the floorboards , taking him away .
tr	PRES	The structure brings a lot of interaction with each other and enhances social integration .
tr	PRES	Old Jude snorts and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	 You 're very efficient ,  he points out .
tr	PRES	A sad , somber look steals over each of the Goddess , their compassion infinitely more adept than that of the Fierce Deity .
tr	PRES	Every doctor loses a patient once in a while , right ?
tr	PRES	 If you like it and if we can swing it . 
te	PRES	He relaxes back in his chair , calm and settled , acting very different than he was five minutes ago .
te	PRES	 I thought you weren 't going to make it ,  he murmurs .
tr	PRES	All Things Pass . '
tr	PRES	He offers them free room and board as long as they work for him .
tr	PRES	Died whilst upholding the law .
tr	PRES	Defeated , each sank into their own , emptiness creeping into the stalks of waving palms that held vigil over failure .
tr	PRES	After a minute or two , Stefan pul ed Damon off of her - not gently .
tr	PRES	 Daniel , please come back ,  she cal ed out , not wanting to be alone .
tr	PRES	He holds out the book .
tr	PRES	He carries himself well with just the right amount of arrogance .
tr	PRES	I wince with each hit that is just a little bit too vicious .
te	PRES	He flips the pil ow and slaps it , fluffing it .
va	PRES	He demands , coming closer .
tr	PRES	Robert dreaded having to meet that crowd .
te	PRES	"And is one monument going to lead to another ? """
tr	PRES	" You intrigue me , Ms. Harlow .
tr	PAST	She tensed up and glanced at Eva .
tr	PAST	Leaves floated down in front of her face and one berry dropped down the v-neck of her black shirt to lodge in her bra .
tr	PRES	I ... d ... e ... a ... s.  I help him sound it out but let him spell it himself ."
tr	PRES	" I 'm fifty-one percent bitch and forty-nine percent sweetheart ' , so proceed at you own risk .
tr	PAST	The shock seizing her face fractured .
tr	PRES	 Not much in comparison , but enough , eh ?"
tr	PRES	The old man pauses for another sip of coffee .
tr	PRES	Mick returns then with my beer , and I nod in thanks .
tr	PRES	"Boyd never stops talking about you . """
tr	PRES	 Carson and Francesca are in a boat down there ,  Robbie explains .
tr	PRES	She tries to hold on to them but they slip through her fingers .
tr	PRES	Then suddenly Nigel yells the lyrics of the hypnotic techno song .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains a lot .
tr	PAST	Chris eyed Devon wearily , his eyes dark and brooding as he joined Melissa .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled as she smiled at Golden .
tr	PAST	They washed his hair first , grimacing at the bits of slime and ooze that came out .
tr	PAST	I glided through his thoughts , my head tilted on one side .
tr	PRES	My mom lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	 I don 't think anything , "" I mutter , hating that I feel connected to both of them ."
tr	PRES	Cautiously moving toward the middle door , she briefly glances back to find Rift 's vacant eyes locked upon her .
te	PRES	I inhale the sedative , the world fades ... ... and the next thing I know I 'm waking up , confused .
va	PRES	"Friend , ally , companion , comrade . """
te	PRES	", "" I mumbled , truly nervous around a man for the first time since my transformation ."
te	PRES	When it rolls out of the camera she reaches for it , but I pull it away and hide it behind my back .
tr	PRES	 Kayla ,  he whispers my name softly .
tr	PRES	I wipe the drying tears from my eyes and swollen cheek as I shake my head .
tr	PRES	Abe scratched his head .
te	PRES	" I am , your Highness .
tr	PRES	 Selene uses all of her vampires to her will . """
tr	PRES	The course of the Rhine below Mainz becomes much more picturesque .
tr	PRES	She stares into the spent drink , the remains of what could have been her beverage , her destiny .
tr	PRES	A roar fills my ears as every muscle tenses .
te	PRES	With reluctance , Rachel slides back into the driver 's seat of her car , and Echo slips into the other side .
tr	PRES	 Good , good ,  he mutters .
tr	PRES	Lil hauled the bucket up , tied off the rope , and pulled out the brush .
tr	PRES	Aunt Bev hugs him the moment he steps up , jangling his keys in his hand .
tr	PRES	I sometimes prefer to drive myself , so Lloyd has time on his hands .
tr	PRES	True loves not fabricated Who are we to try to make it ?
va	PRES	He throws his head back and laughs , finally he lets me go .
tr	PRES	he pushes , holding his fingers inside me and curving the tips of them .
te	PRES	This girl barely moves three feet , then lets the left fielder clean up her mistakes .
va	PRES	I acknowledge that the Game is real .
tr	PRES	He hauled himself up into the saddle and turned to eye the servant expectantly .
tr	PRES	 It 'd be pointless ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	"Kate , it floats . """
tr	PRES	" Hey , you fuck !
tr	PAST	The SUV sped off .
tr	PRES	 We observe all necessary formalities before murdering each other . """
tr	PRES	Her face freezes , only her lashes fluttering , as I 've seen happen during difficult debates .
te	PRES	 I assume the CSA will retaliate ? 
va	PRES	He carries a knife , pressing it tight across Connie 's throat .
tr	PRES	 I 'm not always good at reading people , Pete ,  she admits , blushing .
tr	PRES	" What about your childhood ?
te	PRES	 What kind of theory ? """
tr	PRES	She sees him just lying there .
tr	PRES	But the time draws swiftly to some great conclusion .
tr	PRES	 We 're different , Megs ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	"He whispers back something to her , and she hollers back to him , "" Yes , I 'm certain !"
te	PRES	Dark blood leaks from the corners of her mouth as she struggles to communicate her final thoughts .
va	PRES	Once again , he invites me to step through the door .
tr	PRES	She winks and calls out a question that doubles as a song request .
tr	PRES	 Well ...  Serena stops walking and crosses her arms , turning to Kai .
tr	PRES	And he deserves someone who treasures who he is .
tr	PRES	"No one seeks to gain power over the rest ? """
tr	PRES	"I feed from her because I can trust her and because she demands nothing from me . """
tr	PRES	And the kids somehow magically feed off each other 's energy , each consuming and mirroring the other 's .
tr	PRES	 Last-minute Christmas shopping . 
tr	PRES	" Gossips they may be , Hamish , but I 've heard things from them before I 've heard them from the High Mayor .
va	PAST	I concentrated on this image , as it finally transported me back to consciousness .
va	PAST	Fighting them away , Joshua sprinted for the clearing , praying to God they wouldn 't follow him outside the woods .
va	PAST	He controlled it with the inside of his left foot and cut in sharply toward Colton 's goalie box .
va	PAST	The bullet had just grazed his forearm .
va	PRES	It flickers on reluctantly , spluttering as if unwilling to show what the room contains .
va	PRES	 Rum and colas tend to be expensive . """
tr	PRES	" Oh ... wow .
va	PRES	 Fetch the sword ."
tr	PRES	It allows me to rest my brain and prepare for the bombardment the next day .
tr	PRES	He feigns surprise at many of them , he delights in telling me how likely we are to fail .
tr	PRES	Rian pops into my head .
tr	PRES	He likes my touch and he leans into it as I move my hand .
va	PRES	Before leaving , they steal the video recording of their entrance and the printout of their movement throughout the museum .
tr	PRES	 Almost there ,  I shout over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	My gold hair falls from his fingers like rain .
tr	PRES	Serena glances at the maiden , who keeps her eyes downcast .
tr	PRES	Quick as a striking snake , his hand flashes out .
tr	PRES	" Protective clothing and breathing apparatus .
va	PAST	 I 'm not talking to you , "" I informed her and she burst out laughing ."
tr	PRES	"But I detect something more . """
tr	PRES	 Jesus Christ ,  he breaths quietly .
tr	PRES	His head pops up just under the light a few seconds later .
tr	PRES	 A Texas standoff , if I may . 
tr	PRES	He sees me and waves .
tr	PRES	He cups the back of my head and urges me to kiss him .
va	PRES	" Our bodies warn us of the approaching light .
tr	PAST	Brother Michael shrank down in his chair .
tr	PAST	Painter eyed the professor 's colleague , not sure how freely he could speak in front of him .
tr	PRES	 Merit , "" Catcher whispered , a warning ."
tr	PRES	Richard chuckles while reaching under to his bag and pulling out a copy of USA Today from the pocket .
tr	PRES	One boy pushes the other off the edge of the curb .
tr	PRES	 They tried telling me that you had escaped and left me here ,  she whispers against my ear .
tr	PRES	Herr 'D on queried .
tr	PRES	"Smiling pleasantly , she asked , "" Allie , how are you doing ? """
tr	PRES	He slams the register shut , and I get out of line so he can help the people behind me .
tr	PRES	' Sleep , my little prince ' she whispered softly as she kissed her son 's sleeping head .
tr	PRES	I assume his internal expression is jealousy , so I go with it .
tr	PRES	Jake reviewed his plans . .
va	PRES	Andrew stands up , crosses the room and leans against the glass wall .
tr	PRES	A small smile touches my lips .
tr	PRES	' Sleeping basket , food , bowls for water and food , collar and leash , dog shampoo ... the whole works .
te	PRES	"Have fun tonight , you deserve it ! """
tr	PRES	Tracie brings the rest of our meal .
tr	PRES	And then , just as I feared , the baby falls : It hits the pavement and shatters into a thousand pieces , like a china doll .
tr	PRES	After they passed the small town of Townsend , the traffic gradually thinned and allowed them to push their speed to around 85 .
tr	PRES	 Would you tempt me and then offer no sustenance ? 
tr	PRES	He tries to bite Uriel in the arm and on his wrists .
te	PRES	Mom holds him out in front of her and he kicks his legs like a mad man .
tr	PRES	So young , and without Tory 's claiming marks on my neck .
tr	PRES	 Can we have pancakes first ? 
tr	PRES	' You 'll be fine , ' Nora adds .
va	PRES	She stops and rubs her hands together .
tr	PRES	" So , your highness .
tr	PRES	 Thanks , "" he grunted , the pain all too evident in his voice ."
tr	PRES	No other woman treats me like a man instead of a monarch .
te	PRES	She sees a tail and then nothing .
tr	PRES	"The truth hurts . """
tr	PRES	Severance shone the light along the surface of a long , sealed case .
va	PRES	"Everyone who looks at me sees himself as he is ; and he who has seen himself is done with the Bridge of Time . """
te	PRES	When she 's not sketching or writing , L. likes to cook , read , and play with her Siamese kitty .
tr	PRES	The sliding door opens behind us and two strong hands clamp over my shoulders .
tr	PRES	Liars disgust and infuriate me .
te	PRES	 Just kidding ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	It shocks me to think how much I 've changed in these past months .
tr	PRES	I chuckle again as I remember how stoked he was when he found out that he and Veronica had gotten their respective roles in this play .
tr	PRES	 Don 't worry , miss ,  he cal ed .
tr	PRES	The people watched him , their eyes reverent .
te	PRES	Kamil points his finger at him .
tr	PRES	He holds perfectly still for a long moment .
tr	PRES	Danny gasps in his most scandalized voice .
tr	PRES	" I confess I am very tired of your power slamming me into these work-out mats .
tr	PRES	 That is so gross , "" he mumbled against the mat ."
va	PRES	 My sister-in-law . 
tr	PRES	 Is Hannah here ? 
tr	PRES	Trick stays close to me , but Dham and Cat have gone off in a corner to wait away from the rest .
tr	PRES	"We connect three or four times a year when I 'm in California . """
tr	PRES	Lennox 's lips twitch as he turns away from us to order the vigilantes up the stairs .
tr	PRES	"The fault lies with them . """
tr	PRES	 It draws my health , storing it up . 
tr	PRES	"Pulling out the newspaper , he discovered mail underneath that looked to be unopened credit card solicitations , junk mail and ... "" Oh no !"
va	PRES	Also as punishment , I assume .
tr	PRES	 I mean , I was handling it ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	"Violates all sorts of mixed drink laws , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	 I 'll do whatever you say ,  I murmur to Tess .
tr	PRES	"I estimate around eighty or so men were in that building . """
tr	PRES	He walks over and picks up an almost identical disc from where he reappeared .
tr	PRES	He reaches around me for a spatula and I get that electric shock and my breath catches .
tr	PRES	When she was done , she checks her reflection in the mirror .
te	PRES	She sighs , exhaling heavily .
tr	PRES	"Cause your girlfriend likes me so you 're getting back at me ? """
va	PRES	 The one where my mom pulls me into the living room when nobody 's watching and tells me she really , really likes you . 
tr	PRES	Roland clears his throat and stops me .
tr	PRES	 Ironically , doing one causes the other . 
tr	PRES	"' ' The old lighthouse ? """
va	PRES	The fact that she even needs to think about it bothers me more than I can put into words .
tr	PRES	 Wait ,  he murmurs against my lips .
tr	PRES	She carries out a check .
tr	PRES	 That she is ,  he mumbled and then lifted his chin to Sonia .
va	PRES	" Even after I try and kill you twice , your honour stops you ?
tr	PRES	Some talk show begins and Dad snores through it all , right next to me .
tr	PRES	My lips crash over hers in a heated exchange that sears our lips together .
tr	PAST	Her glow banked to a hard , yellow light as if she were carved of it .
tr	PAST	First he inhaled her scent , and then he licked the blood .
tr	PRES	 He has a gun , "" she whispers , checking on Wilf again ."
tr	PRES	He glances around before continuing , his voice lower .
tr	PRES	Takes less time to say . '
tr	PRES	" When Marlena bit me , I connected to her tying us together .
te	PAST	 Because you 're exhausted . """
tr	PRES	 We have been living with our creators this entire time , or so we were meant to believe ,  Hartman states .
tr	PRES	" Sugar helps me think and there 's a lot I have to get done before the day is out .
tr	PAST	Coffee sloshed over the sides .
tr	PAST	Ainsley slapped open one of the fashion books and busied herself looking at the colorful dresses inside , not seeing a line of them .
tr	PRES	How naughty of you ,  Lance giggles ."
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	Her clansmen exchange wary , suspicious glances .
tr	PRES	He fel like a stone , and his stoker , a slight , reedy boy with wide , anxious eyes , meekly acquiesced to their demands .
tr	PRES	I sneer at the cowards .
va	PRES	 Laurel Canyon . 
tr	PRES	"Macon sneaks over there through the backyards , some nights . """
tr	PRES	She stands up and I follow her to a door .
tr	PRES	The traffic picks up as the lunch crowd rolls in .
tr	PRES	 Not a magic lamp . 
te	PRES	Pierce lets out a loud groan from inside the alcove .
tr	PRES	I drained the last of my coffee and rose .
tr	PRES	Vel fits himself with compact breathing apparatus , slightly different from my nasal plugs , but they function in the same fashion .
tr	PRES	" Business School ,  he chuckled dryly , "" if I can get in . """
te	PRES	It mattered not and their course was changed .
tr	PRES	Dirt clings to his hair and is smeared across his cheek .
tr	PRES	And to top it all off , his breath stank .
te	PRES	Surprisingly , Alice doesn 't get angry , just rolls her eyes and , without any self-consciousness at all , whips off her ruined shirt .
va	PRES	"Or to Nantes for safekeeping until he returns ? """
va	PRES	 Don 't take me for a fool ,  he snaps .
tr	PRES	" Way to go , jackass .
tr	PAST	Irritated , I stomped over to the railing and flailed an arm at the view beyond .
tr	PAST	 Honest , I never dreamed you would actually do it . """
tr	PRES	 Of course Dean Jacobs . 
tr	PRES	"What about Tami ? """
tr	PRES	"What hurts you , affects me the same way . """
tr	PRES	 Ms. Carson ? 
tr	PRES	He holds power in his mind and hands .
tr	PRES	 Keeping an open mind , eh ? 
tr	PRES	This time , Sean lets me .
tr	PRES	 This feels so good ,  she whispers , breathless as she brings her hands up to my shoulders .
tr	PRES	And yours , too , Mrs. Stockton .
tr	PRES	Beneath it spiral green stems covered in thorns .
te	PRES	" You peel the potatoes and I will marinate the steaks .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	He brings me a hot cocoa from the concession stand because it 's so chilly .
tr	PRES	None of that old , ugly junk one sees in castles in those old movies .
tr	PAST	My breaths are still pushing out fast and hard , my hands still fisted .
tr	PRES	Sleepers awakened , and thought that what they had heard must be the confused chimera of a dream .
tr	PRES	Without much choice in the matter , the boy begins downward .
tr	PAST	He tipped back his wineglass .
tr	PRES	 I think they 'll get house number two , "" she mumbled ."
va	PRES	" Julian ...  "" Spend tonight with me ."
tr	PRES	Butterflies flutter in the pit of my stomach , as I feel confused by my feeling for her , and I 'm drawn to her .
tr	PRES	He fashioned a slipknot and tightened .
tr	PRES	Plus , he likes dawn raids .
tr	PRES	A number of data points .
tr	PRES	 Food poisoning . 
tr	PRES	 He lacks integrity , and she 's better off changing her mind about him . 
tr	PRES	I call out , listening to my voice echo through the tunnel .
tr	PRES	Because they 'd hit the damn fork in the road .
tr	PRES	Tammie finds her voice again .
tr	PRES	"This band allows anyone in a wheelchair to sit in front with their dates . """
tr	PRES	She offers me a small smile and pats my leg .
tr	PRES	Her lips expand to a smile and I can 't help but kiss her .
tr	PRES	A gentle , tender smile crosses her lips .
tr	PRES	He shuffles all of the pages in his hands together and sets them aside .
tr	PRES	 Jesus , how could I be so stupid ,  she mutters under her breath .
tr	PRES	Moore continues to stare , focusing so hard he 's zoning out .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves Bertie and Alix , as she 's often called .
va	PRES	I exhale then frown with disappointment .
tr	PRES	But all foul , all rotting , all dead .
tr	PRES	My voice rips through the forest .
tr	PRES	What is said between us remains in this room .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	 And a background that points to a long history of kidnapping crimes . 
tr	PRES	' Inspector , of just what are you accusing my client ? '
tr	PRES	He removes his belt and binds my wrists together .
tr	PRES	"I mutter a "" you 're welcome "" and then she leaves , without giving me her number ."
tr	PRES	"' ' I du n no . """
tr	PRES	 Say no more ,  she begged in a whisper , her mind reeling .
tr	PRES	"You 're going to get sick , "" I murmur , my eyes pointedly on his shirt ."
tr	PRES	"I recall we all celebrated a bit more strenuously than usual that night . """
te	PRES	 So , official version ,  she begins , as we cross the dirt road .
tr	PRES	A sharp , burning pain begins in my back causing me to stagger .
va	PRES	She hates me for it .
tr	PRES	One even reaches out and tugs at the sleeve of my dress .
tr	PRES	"He loves it , and that is his stamp of ownership . """
tr	PRES	Kiersten opens the door to the women 's restroom .
va	PRES	"Come on , "" I heard her voice rumbling inside her , "" relax a little , open your eyes , look around . """
tr	PRES	 We 'll figure something out ,  she vows .
tr	PRES	"He misses you , even though he doesn 't want to admit it . """
tr	PRES	Red brings up his rifle and growls .
tr	PRES	" Our fight begins tomorrow .
tr	PAST	 George just threw up a hair ball and what looks like most of his breakfast , "" he reported ."
tr	PRES	"A reminder to not fail until I 've tasted blood . """
va	PRES	In doing you can do naught but fail , for power belongs to One only . '
tr	PRES	"And just so we are clear , you belong to me now , so no one touches your ass but me either . """
tr	PRES	"And before them , Blythe Madison . """
tr	PRES	"You love them , "" she explains with a matter-of-fact raised brow ."
tr	PRES	Setting her quilt down next to her on the porch swing , Ginny slides off the bench and takes the three steps down to the grass slowly .
tr	PRES	I recall feeling sick and wondering at first whether it had pierced the vest and indeed , my body .
tr	PRES	Bastille hates it when people quote from the wrong play .
tr	PRES	Light shone through a narrow gap .
te	PRES	A patrol of soldiers stops him .
tr	PRES	Frank honored my note and left Dad out of jail in exchange for the Gardner paintings .
tr	PRES	 Sorry ,  she mutters .
tr	PRES	Praise him ye creatures here below .
tr	PRES	 In our ... supply carts . 
te	PRES	Although he pants , he holds the stick in one hand , circling me .
tr	PRES	" The eagle flies high above the clouds which , at night , hide the moon and the stars from sight .
te	PRES	He keeps shouting that he wants to put you over his knee and spank you , so I decided not to kill him as Lucien instructed .
te	PAST	 He gets so huffy when he 's embarrassed , "" Chester remarked after Devlin left ."
tr	PRES	I ponder his question , but mostly because I want to know what he was thinking about that made him ask it .
tr	PRES	" Miss McClellan -  "" Kit . """
tr	PRES	 And that bothers you ? 
va	PRES	"He lets out an excited snort , "" I believe you 've been waiting for these ones . """
tr	PRES	 Suing her ass would do them some good ,  Tim mumbles .
tr	PRES	When you start to look in it keeps getting bigger and bigger .
tr	PRES	"Judge Waring 's announcement that the first assassin will be chosen at this session ... "" "" Tonight ! """
tr	PRES	She breathes out a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	"Not our Christian . """
tr	PRES	Not at all like Izzy with her giant feet , too-long arms , and absolutely no curves to speak of .
tr	PRES	Although I know it seems irrational , pain fills my eyes for someone I don 't even know .
tr	PRES	Eventually it begins to destroy tissue in other parts of the body including muscle and other major organs ; basically , creating a walking vegetable .
tr	PRES	"He wishes to ask Montrose permission to pay his addresses and asked if I was open to his interest . """
tr	PRES	 What about Teresa ? 
tr	PRES	You can 't leave Rachel , she loves you .
te	PRES	 You 're a liar ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	His full attention then returns to the TV , where Keating is winding down the interview .
va	PRES	 Doing a late , Bob ? 
tr	PRES	The idea of not knowing where I am going to sleep fills me with a bit of anxiety .
tr	PRES	He dives back in .
tr	PRES	"Jacob Hawthorne throws a huge shadow . """
tr	PRES	Marshall ditches upstairs at supersonic speeds , creating a suction with his overeager sprint .
tr	PRES	 And if they lack the required funds ? 
tr	PRES	 Carol Freeman ? 
tr	PRES	 I assume that Maestro Hauptmann has programmed some of his brother 's compositions with the Philadelphia Philharmonic ? 
tr	PRES	Jubilation seeps from every pore of her skin .
tr	PRES	she mumbled through a yawn .
tr	PRES	 That matches with their story . 
te	PRES	The battle scars across her nose , cheek , and jaw only enhancing that beauty somehow .
tr	PRES	 Jill ,  I warn .
tr	PRES	Eva enters carrying a syringe .
tr	PRES	" Will you listen to me for once , you stubborn brat ?
tr	PAST	Zoey feared she already knew the answer .
tr	PRES	They 'll be okay , baby doll . "
va	PRES	 Ask Paul to take you ,  Agnes scolded , at the foot of the stairs .
tr	PRES	Everyone who works on Renaissance carries one .
tr	PRES	he said , his voice suddenly passionate .
tr	PRES	 I would be , too , if I was going to come face-to-face with the person who left me for dead ,  Spencer mumbled .
tr	PRES	 What a shame . 
va	PRES	" Flattery 's project loses and the people gain .
tr	PAST	As they watched her being sworn in , Ben sensed a sliver of Stone 's over-the-top optimism evaporating .
tr	PRES	' We have to go , ' he begged .
tr	PAST	Crawling so that the shed was between him and the road , Pigeon hooted .
tr	PRES	But the girl stretches out her leg and thrusts her foot into Temple 's chest , and it feels like a sledgehammer driving her backward .
tr	PAST	Jonas eyed her indulgently .
tr	PAST	He stormed up the stairs , opening the doors until he found her room .
tr	PAST	Her mother motioned for her to sit .
tr	PAST	With care , he emerged back into the classroom and strode over to the windows overlooking the darkened boulevard below .
tr	PAST	Above , the helicopter shadowed them .
tr	PRES	 Let me do this one thing for you , "" Sasha whispers ."
tr	PRES	They only sell it .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse from the extended sleep .
tr	PRES	"B. Say , "" Everybody gets cancer at some point ."
tr	PRES	A shatter ripples the air .
tr	PRES	"Sometimes it really helps to get it out . """
tr	PRES	He helps me into the bed , and I feel the pain of all that 's happened today .
va	PRES	The other side , the rational one tells him to calm the hell down and not get stupid in here .
te	PRES	" Only she bears that burden .
tr	PAST	As if he 'd read her mind , he abandoned his exploration to grasp the strap of her dress and yank it off her shoulder .
tr	PRES	Unemployment remains high , but many of them have not held a position in decades . "
tr	PRES	"Perhaps the one causes the other . """
va	PRES	I absorb a heated lecture from him .
tr	PRES	Under the trees another world flourished .
tr	PRES	 Out on the town tonight , Officer McCormick ? 
tr	PRES	 Ah , finally , he 's going to admit it  sighs Dredd .
tr	PRES	 Maybe there 's more than one monster in the house that cannot handle his poison , after all ,  Charlie mumbled sardonically .
tr	PRES	Will gently touches my lower back before moving away .
tr	PRES	When he drops my hand he clutches the hood and rips it back from my face .
tr	PRES	Then he enters the strange world of the Japanese exhibit .
te	PRES	 Fanny Mildred Bogart . 
tr	PRES	Either way , it kind of freaked me out .
tr	PRES	"My butt sees more bench than game time . """
tr	PRES	A big silly grin rises on my lips .
tr	PRES	" No , they surround the Temple .
tr	PAST	Pushing that picture out of my head , I attempted a return smile .
tr	PAST	 Absurd , "" he scoffed ."
tr	PRES	 More than most houses . 
tr	PRES	Jagger 's skeleton earring .
tr	PRES	He grabbed my arm , pul ing me around one of the arcade games .
tr	PRES	" And you with your humble , caring nature .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a handkerchief from his shirt pocket and dabbed at his eyes again .
tr	PAST	She hasn 't posted a single word and the well-wishes have dwindled , as everyone moves on .
tr	PRES	Teachers mistook his apathy for stupidity and treated him likewise .
tr	PRES	 To feed your pride , obviously . """
tr	PRES	" I won 't hurt you , lass .
tr	PRES	 You mean , one cook produces all this food ?"
tr	PRES	His picture frowns back .
tr	PRES	A few highland chieftains however still pledge for the King .
tr	PRES	 To Geraldine ! 
tr	PRES	She clutched at the fabric , weaving her fingers in the folds , her eyes shimmering with remembrance .
tr	PRES	She points to my feet and I think she 's criticizing me for wearing socks without shoes .
tr	PRES	What if he hates Joe too and they avoid each because of the friction ?
tr	PRES	 Which deals with ? 
tr	PRES	" I decorated it myself years ago .
va	PAST	 Who the hell fired the shots ? """
tr	PRES	 You 're the best ,  Louise swears , shooting me a grateful smile .
tr	PRES	" My third Legacy .
tr	PAST	He exploded to his dressing room .
tr	PRES	 So , about my business proposition ."
tr	PRES	' So it stands to reason it must have come from one of the houses he robbed . '
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder and stands hurriedly when he sees that it 's me , not Crewe , who has returned .
tr	PRES	He brings his hand to my face and gently runs his finger underneath the prominent bruise on my eye .
tr	PRES	 Um ...  Sonia muttered .
tr	PRES	He opens it up and props it on the desk in front of him .
tr	PRES	Her open palm drifts away from his extending grasp , eternally reaching for her helping hand .
tr	PRES	" If your plan works -  "" It will work , "" I reassure him ."
tr	PRES	 Yeah , that pisses me off too , Marcus ,  I said , trying to side with him .
tr	PRES	 Henry ,  I cal out .
tr	PRES	 Fortune cookie ? 
tr	PRES	 You underestimate me . 
tr	PRES	However , vampires like getting presents as much as anybody .
tr	PRES	' Fate favors the prepared ; and such we shall never be , if this be our task . '
tr	PRES	 The garage ! 
va	PRES	He begins to imagine various possibilities for how they will later make the ascent back to the top .
te	PRES	Faint at first , it grows louder fast , and more distinct .
tr	PRES	 Why so glum ? 
tr	PRES	"It really shows off your curves . """
tr	PRES	' Well , hello big Toby .
tr	PRES	He lets them fall on his tongue .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , I already thought of that ,  I mutter .
te	PRES	Lila and I trek after her , taking our sweet time , but I halt at the line that splits the road from the bridge .
tr	PRES	Devon frowns and looks away .
te	PRES	I lean against the wall for a moment , trying to breathe deeply and stave it off .
tr	PRES	 And my blindness ? 
tr	PRES	 In the cupboard . 
te	PRES	She kissed his mouth , the kisses clumsy with passion .
tr	PRES	Hamilton opens the door and lets Sawyer in .
te	PRES	All but two students , Olga and Harley , raise their hands .
tr	PRES	Watching them chase each other around Kol remembers for a moment that they are all still young .
te	PRES	"Left a pair of young children orphaned . """
tr	PRES	The door slams open wide .
tr	PRES	And for many generations it has been and will remain , I warn you .
tr	PRES	"What a change of flesh is here : Think how many royal bones Sleep within these heaps of stones . ' """
va	PRES	"I abandon them when they need me the most . """
tr	PRES	He pictured her lying in bed , waiting for him .
tr	PRES	I wipe my face with the hem of my shirt and walk to the opposite door , leaving my black box with its syringe and needle behind .
tr	PRES	It stops me cold .
tr	PRES	Eddie opens the door and walks in first .
tr	PRES	" That won 't happen , Bree .
tr	PRES	 Don 't even think about it , "" Rachel hisses pointing at Alex with a warning look on her face ."
tr	PRES	He climbs under the bar of the fence and stumbles into the corral unnaturally .
tr	PRES	He whispers and looks away .
te	PRES	I wipe down the utensil and then pull off my gloves before tossing them in the trash .
tr	PRES	My fingers wove into his thick hair and I kissed the top of his head .
tr	PRES	He loves our baby so much , and she 's not even here yet .
tr	PRES	She sighs with relief .
tr	PRES	When I kicked the bedroom door behind me and set her on her feet she charged towards me again , fists flying .
tr	PRES	 Because we needed to convince Jess quickly , for obvious reasons . 
tr	PRES	A real man falls down nine times and gets up ten .
tr	PRES	"A complete idiot . """
va	PRES	"Seems inevitable where you 're from . """
tr	PRES	My body slowly falls back towards the earth in the needle pose .
tr	PRES	 But you reserve your passion for your wife ! 
tr	PRES	" Farther and faster than you can , Kim .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of his truck , slipped on his backpacked and carried a suitcase in each hand .
tr	PAST	Viper tugged at his lace cuffs , managing to look immaculate despite his hours in the dusty cavern .
tr	PRES	 The Big Sleep ."
tr	PRES	He reaches up and takes it between his fingers .
va	PRES	 Miss Cooper ? 
tr	PRES	"It pays fairly well , too , so I can 't complain about that , but ... "" She paused again ."
te	PRES	 Yes , and I approve of the general direction , but our charts don 't show the planet you guys are looking for . 
tr	PRES	She pushes her head back a notch , as if I 've just verbally assaulted her .
tr	PRES	Epilogue Matt refuses to leave me for a second .
tr	PRES	Dad wraps his left hand around his right wrist .
tr	PRES	 Your highness ! 
tr	PRES	I lean against the open passenger side door .
tr	PRES	His slick body slides over mine and I feel his long hard erection on my leg .
tr	PRES	" He likes the research best , but he doesn 't mind the teaching .
tr	PRES	He holds the patch out .
tr	PAST	She thanked me three more times while I locked up .
tr	PAST	I acted on impulse sometimes , myself .
tr	PRES	It was less than five minutes before he came in , hair damp around his face , beads of water on his skin and dampening his shirt .
tr	PAST	Then one of the party flashed at the traveler and the party retreated .
tr	PRES	' And some Christmas crackers , not the cheap ones you get with a tiny plastic toy inside that you 'll never use or play with .
tr	PRES	He wraps his fingers tightly around my upper arm to stop me .
tr	PRES	Jacque begins to ask another question when his wife interrupts him .
tr	PRES	You 're in love ,  she whispers ."
tr	PRES	What if the virus fails , and then you 're injured or killed ?
tr	PRES	She always hears things first .
va	PRES	 But Tyler , I can help you ,  I begged .
va	PRES	Still , the matter remains that I refuse to live with the pain a moment longer .
tr	PRES	She uses that tone that has been getting under my skin for the last few weeks , the one that implies that she thinks Tristan likes me .
te	PRES	But just now , when I said I needed to check on Elena and see why she hadn 't come in today , she freaked out .
tr	PRES	 Okay , I ' l cal you when it 's time to come and get her . 
tr	PRES	He reaches out for my arm and this time , his long fingers wrap around my wrist and pull me to him .
te	PRES	 Now lets get back to it . 
tr	PRES	Suspicion ripples his temple as he scans over the pad .
tr	PRES	She refuses to share her heart with anyone else .
tr	PRES	 Some of the people have died ,  he adds , to show how serious the situation is .
tr	PRES	"Her color does seem a bit odd , it almost minds me of a legend I once heard . """
tr	PRES	 Actually ...  He averted his eyes and tugged on his tie .
tr	PRES	I absorb all these things in one big inhale , which is wrong since my room smells like well , perfume with cookies and chocolate .
tr	PRES	Jada sighs and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	 Anyway , Ian owes me some favors , most of them do down there , and so I just popped the question . 
tr	PRES	They traverse down my sides and belly - down down down to my bikini bottom , where they stop at my waistband .
te	PRES	"Says it builds character . """
tr	PRES	Taking pictures of our family hike , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PRES	" One of the beads .
tr	PAST	Faye lied to her best friend and surprisingly it came super easy .
tr	PRES	I looked at Benji , my mouth gaping open .
tr	PRES	 No hints at all ?"
te	PRES	Finally she opens her mouth and speaks .
tr	PRES	Color her shallow , but it took a moment for Violet to move past the word beautiful .
tr	PRES	We arrive early at the outdoor post office where we 've agreed to meet Quickly , and take in the passersby .
tr	PRES	 So they 're back together ,  Lorena comments .
tr	PRES	He removes the blade and plucks the cobalt straw from out of the drink .
tr	PRES	Rob glances at Chloe .
tr	PRES	" First George refuses to be a saint .
tr	PAST	Breaks into a ridiculous smile dimmed only by a slight grimace from the pain .
tr	PAST	Lia 's mouth curved slowly into a smile .
tr	PAST	He zeroed in on the silver Camry with Maryland plates parked next to Mickey 's ride .
tr	PRES	Jake sighs wearily and rubs his forehead as though he has a headache .
tr	PRES	I echo , not sure I 've heard correctly .
tr	PRES	She likes my ass .
tr	PAST	Every emotion under the sun swirled inside me like a churning cauldron .
tr	PAST	They swirled seductively through her mind , tempting her , building her desire into a frenzied need .
tr	PRES	 If I have a little representation ? """
tr	PRES	Giant killer robots detach from the walls and streak to the attack .
tr	PRES	She releases her hold and I repeat what I said .
tr	PRES	 Hope you hid them well , because if there 's one thing I 'm doing before I die , it 's destroying your lab . 
tr	PRES	Bile rises in my throat , and I fight nausea .
tr	PRES	 Promises , promises . 
tr	PRES	 In the closet . 
te	PRES	I approve of that .
tr	PRES	" A letter of marque grants the holder legal protection .
tr	PAST	He named a few more pictures .
tr	PRES	 So what brings you here today ? """
tr	PRES	Her mum 's not around , ' away for a few months receiving treatment , ' Jolie explains .
tr	PRES	Light shone dimly , dissipating oddly ; it was as if she could hear it as whispers that rustled away into depths .
tr	PRES	Her eyes settle on me , pinning me to the spot .
tr	PRES	He slams the door shut ; the bells above it rumbling .
tr	PRES	He pushes it towards me .
tr	PRES	I snuck into the edge of the woods without venturing in too far .
tr	PRES	The negotiations involve several meetings with tribal , government , and Terrorist leaders .
tr	PRES	Emma puts the car into drive and sighs heavily .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brightly .
tr	PRES	I , no we , demand to be heard by your committee .
tr	PRES	He joins me back on the couch , lies down and pulls me on top of him so I 'm covering his body .
va	PRES	" It explains everything .
tr	PRES	Silver stops walking for a moment ; I look at Damien .
tr	PAST	Before I had time to react , the world circled around , turning to a crimson , and blocked my senses .
tr	PRES	As if I needed any more mysteries right now .
tr	PRES	 Foot prints in the sand ."
te	PRES	Nadia throws herself flat and weeps into the yellow earth , hammering the ground with her fists .
tr	PRES	 Did a messenger arrive ? 
tr	PRES	Being the brave dog he was , Brutus padded his way over to the inert man , circling him to sniff at his shoulder .
te	PRES	He glances meaningfully at the white folder containing my scientific articles .
tr	PRES	 Shhh ,  I said , pul ing her close .
tr	PRES	Gabe sets down his empty bottle and pulls out a second .
va	PRES	Luke and I disagree like this quite often .
tr	PRES	 I love you , Tabitha Kelly ,  he whispers back .
te	PRES	She mumbled something unintelligible against me , and I kissed her harder .
te	PRES	It slides open without a sound .
tr	PRES	He matches the description .
te	PRES	For the first time in ages , light shone into the box 's interior .
tr	PRES	 I wouldn  t suggest attacking us .
tr	PRES	 Ten bucks . 
tr	PRES	 You too ,  I mumble under my breath .
tr	PRES	No humiliating or snarky comments .
tr	PRES	" Purely from an aesthetic sense of course , no desire enters my mind .
tr	PRES	Seeming to have run out of wisecracks , Ashley frowned and muttered ,  Bite me . """
tr	PRES	 No ,  she mumbled into the crook of his neck .
va	PRES	" We mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives , but I will not rejoice in the death of one , not even an enemy .
te	PRES	Kinda twists and turns , but that 's how everything is now .
te	PRES	 Dr. Quinn ? """
va	PRES	This is great , I murmur .
tr	PRES	"In this letter , this Paul mentions the codex , which makes me think that it was sent together with the book . """
va	PRES	A shadow passes through the light streaming in the stable bay doors .
tr	PRES	"If it circled all the way back around , it would have been at least a year , "" she explains ."
tr	PRES	Sun shone down on fractured ice about eight inches thick .
te	PRES	Up , down , left , right , diagonal , horizontal .
tr	PRES	A mild breeze floats the white curtains like clouds .
va	PRES	" Nah , but thanks .
va	PAST	His entire body reacted to her proximity .
va	PAST	Each table sported a jar filled with lemons .
va	PAST	He presented himself to one of the Queen 's knight who had stopped to rest at a tavern .
va	PRES	The Republic usually issues these to their soldiers for physically taxing missions .
va	PAST	 Here , kid , "" Wil grumbled as he tossed something into the hole ."
tr	PRES	He leans back without perforating his bleak expression .
tr	PRES	Father squares his shoulders .
tr	PRES	My heart breaks for the pain that I know he is enduring now .
te	PRES	When I sit up , the car slows and I see the hotel .
tr	PRES	 Uh huh . 
tr	PRES	Pushing away what should be my chocolate chip reward for keeping my eyes open all night , I lean my head into my hands .
tr	PRES	He sees a hedge and he does one of two things .
tr	PRES	Six throws her hands up .
tr	PRES	"With a shrug Sarah said , "" In case you haven 't noticed , she hates me . """
tr	PRES	Molly really likes you .
tr	PRES	She always forgets , which is why we don 't let her play .
tr	PRES	' And Robert ? '
tr	PRES	' If we play it again , what about Ed ?
va	PRES	He uses music to stir the emotions and circulate the life force of the audience , just before he steals energy .
tr	PRES	 So , witch , what should we do today ? 
te	PRES	both Jean and Pierre , three and four years old , yell each picking one of their father 's legs to grab on to .
tr	PRES	"So , we commence with the Eternal Codex . """
tr	PRES	She flips the switch on an old lamp .
tr	PRES	"The Closing Dark ... I don "" t know about that one , but there "" s an Opening Dark , too ."
tr	PRES	That was all it took , the sight of those tracks , to make her think about him .
va	PRES	 I think that 's because he finally has someone his own age to play with ,  Lorraine teased .
tr	PRES	 Look on the bright side ,  she evaded .
tr	PRES	The letters and numbers had further morphed , until they were random , squiggly shapes devoid of meaning .
tr	PRES	How I 'm finally the girl a guy likes enough to be with and not just flirt with .
te	PRES	 You imagining me naked or something ? 
tr	PRES	"For that reason only , I approve of this plan of action . """
tr	PRES	He shows up late at night , throwing pebbles at my window , just to tell me not to get the wrong idea ?
tr	PRES	"She tends to worry if she doesn 't hear from me . """
va	PRES	I suspect the rumors will surface here .
va	PRES	 Let 's go eat ,  Crewe invites from the homey porch where the sun shines brightly .
tr	PRES	Vin paused , looking away from him , nails biting into her own palms .
va	PRES	Duncan approaches my fellow prince .
tr	PRES	Across the dark tent , Anya 's eyes shone toward him , then she turned away , too .
tr	PRES	I race up the stairs .
te	PRES	 Are you taken aback , Celeste ? 
te	PRES	 Did you piss off the old lady ? 
tr	PRES	So I smack him on the arm .
tr	PRES	she snaps , glaring at him .
te	PRES	" Everyone uses that word .
tr	PRES	Sweat beads my skin as my body heats with want and I open my legs up as his body forms with mine .
tr	PAST	He downed the new drink in the same manner as all the others and looked at Marie .
tr	PAST	I willed myself to speak , but nothing came out .
tr	PAST	They quieted with the diminishing sound of rain moving away .
tr	PAST	' But not blood related ? '
tr	PRES	It brings the major players together , and sets the main story in motion .
tr	PAST	After dinner she quickly washed up the dishes , refusing his help .
tr	PAST	He inched up what felt like a millimeter and I felt my lids slowly close in rapture .
tr	PAST	He tensed beneath her touch .
tr	PAST	A closer look revealed the fountain to be full of coins beneath the shimmering water .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , amused at my inability to show off my skills .
tr	PAST	 I smoked the fucker . """
te	PRES	 Oh , so you belong to the Crazy Salt Freak Church ? 
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss Marshall .
va	PRES	" Then disagree , Victoria .
tr	PRES	 You 'd better watch your tongue , "" President Tyler snaps , making me jump ."
tr	PRES	 Fine ,  I growl , and I turn on my heel and leave .
te	PRES	 It 's practically tomorrow ,  Willem murmurs .
te	PRES	 Jesus ,  Gabe breathes .
tr	PRES	The scent of turkey lies thick in the air as I head downstairs .
tr	PRES	I fold the note up and put it back in its place .
tr	PRES	"But , my family ID ain 't here , either , "" she giggles and nods ."
tr	PRES	Hud Rake loves working his property .
tr	PRES	"Are these wine barrels ? """
tr	PRES	When I finally do , my limbs tremble , and a dull ache at the base of my skull persists .
tr	PRES	Feeling that I might need some time to myself , Mark excused himself and went to get some boxes .
te	PRES	His thumb flicks over my clit and I cry out in pleasure and surprise .
tr	PRES	He stands awkwardly , holding one of Will 's papers .
tr	PRES	Doctor Curtis rounds on his colleague .
tr	PRES	 No , no , it tickles ! 
tr	PRES	"He likes to play video games when he 's not practicing football . """
va	PRES	She snorts and I look back at her .
te	PRES	The lake draws out my guilt .
tr	PRES	"Once they were seated , Seth said , "" Dean , I want you to think about something , ok ? """
va	PRES	Rory opens the door and sits down on my bed with me , pulling me into a hug .
tr	PRES	Someone begs her to jump , so she does , falling to her death .
te	PRES	Raffaele holds up one of the gems .
tr	PRES	 By the way , where is Mae ? 
tr	PRES	He hesitates as if weighing what to say , but then settles on humor .
tr	PRES	The pieces still entranced Darling , for whom the woven metal and plastic were brilliant with the fiery spaces of the factory that had inspired them .
te	PRES	 The redheaded chick from the cafeteria ? 
va	PRES	 I promise I won 't do it again ,  I mumbled painfully .
tr	PRES	 Act normally ,  Marian hisses .
tr	PRES	His shoulders broad , hips narrow .
tr	PRES	 Jeremy Marsh ? 
tr	PRES	 Please take me out of here ,  I plead in an uneven voice .
tr	PRES	"Brooke states , "" That is a strange dream ."
tr	PRES	If he wasn 't such a boring idiot .
te	PRES	"Tomorrow night , every ni - "" The word cuts off in his throat as he sees something behind me ."
tr	PRES	He presses button on an exposed panel .
te	PRES	His eyes glitter as they focus in on mine with great ferocity .
tr	PRES	Hailey snaps her head in my direction .
tr	PRES	His dark curls bob as he talks .
tr	PRES	Andy signs off and they call Phil .
tr	PRES	When she doesn 't find any , she nods her consent .
te	PRES	 Not pleasant , or not a surprise ? 
tr	PRES	 What passes here ? 
tr	PRES	Your guardian angel protects your soul on the way to heaven .
tr	PRES	"Nobody holds my trust , now . """
tr	PRES	The rice tastes damn good , too .
tr	PRES	Now she refuses to speak to me .
tr	PRES	The stars twinkle in the sky , but I don 't recognize any of the constellations .
te	PRES	Six opens the bathroom door and walks back to her bed .
tr	PRES	Climbing out of the sand herself , Less shakes her head as her dizzying perception slowly returns to normal .
tr	PRES	As softly as her shoes permitted she snuck past the desk where the librarian was obscured behind his large text .
tr	PRES	Another slice , and then the arrowhead was loose .
tr	PRES	He padded across the living room .
tr	PRES	Behind them , Serena hears Kai cough .
te	PRES	At the top of the steps , the door opens .
te	PRES	Her door recognizes me , after all this time , and I 'm touched anew by her kindness .
tr	PRES	 Don 't be a dope ,  Dervish snaps .
tr	PRES	Facing Evan , he squares his shoulders and shakes out any sadness in his body .
tr	PRES	You absorb and convert it , but then something or someone is siphoning it off .
te	PRES	She crawls along the ocean floor in the opposite the direction of the octopus , pushing herself forward with short flicks of her tail .
tr	PRES	Realm swears under his breath but then apologizes .
tr	PRES	 The two who came in late then filled in their forms suspiciously quickly . 
tr	PRES	A wave of heat energy begins at the top of my head and spreads down the back of my neck leaving my skin feeling warm and tingly .
tr	PRES	 New and old Guards ? 
tr	PRES	Their legs bow outward differently than mine or even Vel 's for that matter , so we can 't manage a perfect match .
tr	PRES	Other Inquisitors shout in alarm .
te	PRES	 She kil ed Junius . 
tr	PRES	 The invitation . 
te	PRES	Sympathy bleeds through the cracks of old machinery .
tr	PRES	 Bonus points to anyone who knows why our economy really tanked when the U.S. market became unstable . 
va	PRES	MacKenzie stops laughing suddenly and her mouth falls open .
tr	PRES	"Serpents ... "" I sour ."
tr	PRES	And , by the way , this place sucks .
tr	PRES	He hears nothing and turns his light back on .
tr	PRES	She opens the door and the cage almost dumps us to the ground .
tr	PRES	"My fianc ... "" Adel tries to pull her to him ."
te	PRES	Ellen 's eyes shone with excitement .
tr	PRES	 So the man who came the first day I met you and picked up Chloe , I assume he 's her father ? 
tr	PRES	" Do not worry , Gil .
tr	PAST	He wagged his brow and pulled his girlfriend closer .
tr	PAST	No Fear My teeth chattered .
tr	PRES	Again the cat approaches .
tr	PRES	But what about the Mickey thing ? "
tr	PRES	But you , you belong nowhere .
tr	PRES	"I assume you 've read the papers ? """
tr	PRES	 Then , who do you belong to ? 
tr	PRES	He tries to engage me , but I let him do most of the talking .
te	PRES	" Not this Colt .
tr	PRES	 You missed , you jackass . """
tr	PRES	When she waved her hands through the air , they danced like angels .
va	PRES	He holds out a brush .
va	PRES	 A witness ? 
tr	PRES	They near me , and Shelby sees me first .
tr	PRES	He sees the blood on Henderson 's head and immediately tears off a piece of his shirt and places it on the wound .
tr	PRES	Yes , it bothers me .
tr	PRES	The MC stands on a wooden platform in the dirt .
tr	PRES	That , plus the conversation I had with Di Luca 's servant this morning clears you .
tr	PRES	Coming closer , she wraps her arms around him .
te	PRES	Mach walks over to the car that has no door handles , and the door opens before he touches it .
te	PRES	" Let go , Callum .
te	PRES	A total control freak .
te	PRES	Okay this is really freaky , it appears that she 's in the past with me , at least mentally .
te	PRES	Friday -- really , that 's her name -- laughs and signs ,  You 're welcome . """
te	PRES	 Hurry up ,  he urges .
te	PRES	 Most impressive . 
va	PRES	"Same question still applies . """
tr	PRES	 Seems like they 're fans of the ... Other Link ,  Mai sighs , inspecting the murals herself .
tr	PRES	 Fine ,  Christian mumbled .
tr	PRES	"That explains it . """
te	PRES	 The flu ? 
tr	PRES	I mumbled between kisses .
te	PRES	Despair haunts the steps of the common people .
tr	PRES	"Can you fix me ? """
tr	PRES	The energy consumes me .
tr	PRES	I drag the words out .
tr	PRES	 He wanted to kill us ,  breathes Katie .
te	PRES	" I assume you mean my dad and Zoe ?
tr	PRES	Kim opens the refrigerator then slams it shut but not before its rotted breath swamps the room .
tr	PRES	Walking into the Captain 's cabin Marie hears where their next destination is .
tr	PRES	A few lights from the shore shone weakly on the water .
tr	PAST	His thumb massaged over a raw patch of skin on the other palm .
tr	PAST	 Lean back a little more , "" Nate instructed ."
tr	PRES	 Nothing , ' tis merely that I like your choice of spy , Rafe ! 
tr	PRES	" He ignores his stepdaughter .
va	PAST	She flinched , then turned to look at him ; his expression was fixed stoically ahead to avoid her questioning gaze .
va	PRES	 You cheating bastard , "" Bolton spat out ."
tr	PRES	"He understands your shipment timetables and the difficulties in making such a rare product . """
tr	PRES	She likes pain to the point of bleeding .
tr	PRES	He was standing as well , his hands resting on his desk 's scratched surface .
tr	PRES	He nearly falls over .
tr	PRES	"She just carries the gene . """
tr	PRES	He returns with two steaming cups of tea .
tr	PRES	 Yeah ,  I manage to say .
tr	PRES	But that wouldn 't be doing her any favors .
tr	PRES	"None of that applies to you . """
tr	PRES	He also holds her hand .
tr	PRES	 Or maybe that was their only model ,  Dresden offers .
tr	PRES	Murdoch asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	Megan elbows Shane and he sighs before he speaks .
tr	PRES	Jack pops another fry in his mouth .
tr	PRES	He holds up the rubber ball that he 's been fondling since we showed up .
tr	PRES	 Lazy sack of potato peels . 
va	PRES	When I 've gotten the most I can out of Eddie , I lapse into silence .
tr	PRES	 Yes , please tel ! 
tr	PRES	Thus the Gatherings , the emphasis on constant cultural performances , etc. .
tr	PRES	Undertake Me He wears khakis and a blue oxford shirt .
tr	PRES	"I represent the estate of the deceased and you can tell me now what 's going on or you can wait until I get a subpoena . """
tr	PRES	"THE END CHAPTER ONE "" Oh hell , no . """
tr	PRES	We enter the city like Caesar -- in luxury !
tr	PRES	All tubes and hard-wired .
va	PRES	 Right , okay , sure , football . 
tr	PRES	My mind drifts , but this time to darker thoughts .
tr	PRES	Her anguish mounts as she races to the sea , knowing that she must save him and in doing so , forever loses him !
tr	PRES	He lets out a sigh .
tr	PRES	This conspiracy reaches far .
tr	PRES	You make the battery smaller , you increase its range and application .
va	PRES	I lean against the wall , and slide down .
tr	PRES	It then uses its upper teeth to pry open its food like an old-fashioned can opener .
va	PRES	She allows the receiver to fall to the floor as she begins to walk back to the kitchen table .
tr	PRES	Castile opens one of the refrigerator doors .
va	PRES	"Walking over to the door , he states , "" My captains have finally come to talk over strategies ."
tr	PRES	Every moment stretches into forever as I try not to imagine a dozen grisly ends .
tr	PRES	' I guess , ' I mumble .
tr	PRES	The cool calm collected lies I told aboard the aircraft carrier have been replaced by this .
tr	PRES	 Fine ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	With his palm , he pushes me back onto the hood and pulls my shorts and panties down over my feet .
tr	PRES	Once it passes the tray , the press pushes down hydraulically into the mold with a pressure of about eight thousand pounds .
va	PRES	' The kid that draws the comics .
tr	PRES	All the Chests thunk to the floor as I redirect my telekinesis , snatching the gun out of his hands .
tr	PRES	A vehicle pulled to the curb ahead , its recognisable rumble pulling my sister closer .
tr	PRES	 Because I like dancing . 
tr	PRES	Beth 's shoulders visibly relax , and I wonder why she cares who I 'm spending time with .
tr	PRES	 Oh , Max , you should know better than to give me that much leeway ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	"She deserves to fall on her face a few times . """
te	PRES	 You bitch ! 
tr	PRES	" I recall so little .
tr	PAST	She prayed it wasn 't Luther 's death trail she was following , but there was a part of her that was growing increasingly convinced it was .
tr	PRES	I retrieve my bike from the garage and wheel it into the street .
tr	PAST	John outlined his plan ; Graham and Terry listened intently .
tr	PAST	My hands slid up to her shoulder blades again , hugging her to me , our heads resting together again .
tr	PAST	Indeed he marveled at the unity of mind and body and his soul seemed to rejoice !
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 The noisy crowd in the assembly hall quieted at the first appearance of the reclusive Professor Cassell .
tr	PRES	He sniffs close at her face , licks her once or twice , then sits down next to her , leaning into her side as she rocks .
tr	PRES	A beautiful cigar touches all my senses .
tr	PAST	He eyed me strangely .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked out and curled around my wrist .
tr	PRES	He frowns at the screen before focusing down on my face .
tr	PRES	In her mind she hears the last word of her father ,  Goodbye , "" repeating over and over ."
tr	PRES	The sound of windows breaking , of glass crashing to the ground , fills the night .
va	PRES	 My timing ? 
te	PRES	 A shame . 
tr	PRES	 Is Alfie a teenager ? 
tr	PRES	 Sammy , would you please smack Mak for me ? 
tr	PRES	" You won 't understand , sweetie .
tr	PRES	 The war god ?"
tr	PRES	It helps me relax .
tr	PRES	 I want you ,  she breathes .
tr	PRES	"In the past you would have cracked skulls to disarm them , "" teased Dmitri ."
tr	PRES	Lila sits back on the bed , letting out a long breath .
tr	PRES	" And totally illegal .
tr	PRES	It 's too dangerous , and we 've had reports of looting ,  a stern soldier explains ."
tr	PRES	And it comforted him somehow to say it aloud .
tr	PRES	 It always starts the same way ,  Ella begins .
tr	PRES	He leans back against the pil ow .
tr	PRES	Fraudulent happiness occurs when everything is handed to someone .
te	PRES	But instead he hears , HOLD .
tr	PRES	My dad shuffles past me into Emerson 's loft , looking as frail as I 've ever seen him .
tr	PRES	One who would smack your hand if she caught you stealing a cookie .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
tr	PRES	Sawyer stands clear as I assemble the pasta in our biggest casserole dish .
tr	PRES	 There ,  she said , slightly breathless .
tr	PRES	When he drops , he pulls me down by the hair with him .
tr	PRES	"And the cost of the pots . """
tr	PRES	My eye muscles twitch .
te	PRES	He grits his teeth as his face tenses in pain .
te	PRES	Will you forgive me ? '
tr	PRES	She appears not to have been hurt , and that relieves my mind , for like a second .
tr	PRES	 The bird ! 
tr	PRES	The world stops spinning .
te	PRES	First you fuck them , then you shoot them .
tr	PRES	Francesca glares at me .
va	PRES	 I hope those bastards eat you , Cronus ,  mumbled Bloom , as he started up the tree again .
tr	PRES	I giggle , staring at him .
tr	PRES	It nearly kills me to say it .
tr	PRES	Zeke pushes me back and runs a hand through his hair .
tr	PRES	" You not Ranma .
tr	PAST	We slowed our pace for a bit while we pulled some food out of our bags and shared what we grabbed with each other .
tr	PRES	No one likes them .
tr	PAST	Flames stole along the floor , threatening to destroy the only hope they had .
tr	PAST	He announced and presented his arm for me to hold on to .
tr	PRES	If I did that then all seven of you would have to scramble to get out of the way . "
va	PRES	"Under the newly installed electron microscope . """
tr	PRES	" All the operators at their screens .
va	PRES	 What about marks ? """
tr	PRES	She reached up and gripped his shoulders , her nails digging into his flesh , overwhelmed by the desire consuming her .
va	PRES	When I give her all of me , that 's when she tenses , her thighs squeezing my waist .
tr	PRES	"Cause I 'll just make the same mistake again "" , James Blunt sings with his perfect teddy bear voice ."
tr	PRES	Nice going , Brooklyn , totally insult the guy .
tr	PRES	Then you always begged her to take you inside .
tr	PRES	 Meg ,  he draws my name out , sounding like a petulant toddler begging for candy .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the door and pushes it open , letting a cool breeze in .
tr	PRES	A shot of energy from his nostrils opens a small portal ahead of him that he clears in mere seconds .
tr	PRES	For an instant she debated pulling back .
tr	PRES	No one remembers neutral gray .
tr	PRES	 I know , Raz ,  the first man snaps .
tr	PRES	"They pierce and tattoo and scar like olden "" punks . """
te	PRES	"He shifts , placing a kiss on my cheek instead and says , "" Feet first . """
tr	PRES	' Is Professor Kramer in ... inside ? '
tr	PRES	 You should save your money for hay ,  I mutter .
tr	PRES	Her words echo in my head .
tr	PRES	He frowns , like he just realized where we were standing .
te	PRES	They occur when the mind in question has placed itself , by some voluntary choice , however vague , under the control of some hostile organism .
tr	PRES	But message exchange concludes in this linearity .
tr	PRES	He flinches but then looks down at where my hand is on him .
tr	PRES	 Shit ,  I mutter , kicking the tire .
tr	PRES	Kevin 's alarmed tone stops me from dwelling further on my growing list of expenses .
tr	PRES	 Just let Nine out of the water and we 'll talk ,  I plead .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
va	PRES	Prewitt grabs , dipping her then chuckles .
tr	PRES	" Use your phone , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Here , the woman installed Janie at a melamine desk with a telephone and computer .
tr	PAST	Instead of responding , I snaked one arm through the bars and grabbed his silk tie .
tr	PAST	I groped for what they would actually be .
tr	PRES	The fog has pulled back and the day is bright , the sound of heat bugs fills the air .
tr	PAST	She cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	The answer lies within .
tr	PAST	But Daemon was already sound asleep , his body curved protectively around the basket holding his daughter .
tr	PAST	 So , al your friends are members of the Original pack , too ?"
tr	PRES	 That Brand girl ... she shouldn 't be out there without heat , or even a telephone . 
te	PRES	" Only four of them are violent , captain , but I am afraid there are nine at large .
tr	PRES	She points toward the wall to indicate the village women as a whole and adds ,  Sweet bread ."
tr	PRES	 Sorry ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Her senses swam with the overload of visual and physical indulgence .
tr	PRES	It was cruel , his expression menacing as he watched the poor wretches trail by .
va	PRES	I swam deeper underwater .
tr	PRES	" Before you cured me .
tr	PRES	 I assume you 'll see that she 's taken care of while you 're busy playing in your band tonight ? """
tr	PRES	It hugs me just right .
tr	PRES	Gabe picks up the rabbit between his hands .
tr	PRES	 You 're so thoughtful ,  I snap .
te	PRES	It shone in her eyes more brightly than the sun .
tr	PRES	The door opens and in comes Simon , who immediately goes into his dragon form as well .
tr	PRES	A fortress that size would take some doing and we 've been told that this son of the king can move very fast .
tr	PRES	My heart begins pounding and my breath comes faster , as if I have just run some great race .
tr	PRES	I hesitate and let out a frustrated grunt .
tr	PRES	"I assume it 's Shen , the lad I met . """
tr	PRES	The lights twinkle and some heavy rock music plays so loudly I can barely hear the screams from inside the cages .
tr	PRES	 Because I care about her ,  I correct .
tr	PRES	But when I do , I snap to attention .
tr	PRES	He pulls me close , and wraps me in his arms .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me .
tr	PRES	 Come on , John ,  I begged .
tr	PRES	 Actually no ,  she admits .
tr	PRES	Then something occurs to him , and he looks around the side of the house in the direction where Maury continues to chop wood .
tr	PRES	 No , because of common decency , Courtney ,  I sneer .
tr	PRES	Anna grasps the banana on her necklace as if the tiny bead is a talisman .
tr	PRES	A beautiful girl lies in the bed , covered up to her waist by blankets .
tr	PRES	 My apologies . 
tr	PRES	"Dale nervously whispers , "" Crap , "" and yells out , "" Hit it ! """
tr	PRES	Jesse startles me by tugging me onto his lap .
va	PRES	The glass door creaks as it slides , letting in heavy set of footsteps .
tr	PRES	 Nothing appears normal these past few days . 
tr	PRES	"A few more strikes like this , and I 'll have them snapping at each other like frightened animals . """
tr	PRES	He never acts like this .
tr	PRES	 Wil ing to leave battle to be protection detail for a couple of royals ? 
tr	PRES	"But - "" "" C "" mon , Fred ."
te	PRES	The Great Mother wails in her temple on the Ice Plane .
tr	PRES	 Still a little sore ? 
te	PRES	" I am sorry ,  he said , "" seeing my daughter like this brings back those memories ."
tr	PRES	Su wraps my hair into a messy ball while Rann holds both my arms from a vicious attack on Su , first then Xe , second .
tr	PRES	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my eye and my lashes blink rapidly .
tr	PRES	I ponder if it 's cuneiform , or if they spell words with individual symbols instead .
tr	PRES	 I want to ,  she begged .
tr	PRES	She glares at Miya , and the resemblance is so startling it takes me a moment to piece everything together .
tr	PRES	 Because I want you , Stockton . 
tr	PRES	 Dangerous secrets ,  he clarified .
tr	PRES	 Maybe one cow and a calf each year for the freezer . 
tr	PRES	 That remains to be seen . 
tr	PRES	 Go ,  a voice whispers .
te	PRES	 No armies ? 
tr	PRES	Something tugs on my line and my whole body twitches .
tr	PRES	The team sees the pillow at Dave 's feet and starts laughing .
tr	PRES	Now it no longer mattered .
va	PRES	 I almost hesitate to ask this , Seor , but can you think of anyone who would want him dead ? 
tr	PRES	A shaky finger extends wanting to touch him but I can 't from my bound chair in the center of the room .
tr	PRES	I ruffled his hair roughly .
tr	PRES	"And apply for college too , ok ' Dora ? """
tr	PRES	" Obviously Parker likes his women young and pretty .
tr	PRES	The moon 's rays shone down on the clearing , allowing me to make out the shadows of three figures sitting in a circle on the lawn .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , she unbuttoned the khaki shorts and they fell to the floor .
tr	PAST	After they 'd both donned theirs , Colin produced fleece hats from his parka pockets .
tr	PAST	he inquired , nodding to one of the chairs in front of his desk , silently ordering his sister to take a seat and calm down .
tr	PRES	 Molly misses you , and so does Bear ."
tr	PRES	He feebly moves his arms and legs .
te	PRES	"Comes in useful on Renaissance . """
tr	PRES	 Apparently , he visits the king on a daily basis . 
tr	PRES	"I disagree with the execution . """
tr	PRES	 Your toes ? 
tr	PRES	They untie my hands .
tr	PRES	 What about the two feed suppliers ? 
tr	PRES	After a while , a new message pops up in the corner of my glasses .
va	PRES	Chapter 14 Strange Winds When Allie and Milos returned to the interstate , Moose and Squirrel were there , but Mikey was nowhere to be seen .
tr	PRES	Peter likes to have cold compote .
tr	PRES	"None of them , none of those blood slaves after you satisfied me . """
va	PRES	 If you really , truly love me , Bella . 
tr	PRES	' Died in childbirth . '
tr	PRES	 Not a clue ,  Carolina states cheerily .
va	PRES	Tiny raindrops flutter on my face and the windowsill , cooling my skin .
tr	PRES	Mr. Littleton refuses to back down .
tr	PRES	Afternoon deliveries usually arrive from two to four in the afternoon .
te	PRES	A hand touches my shoulder , but I don 't look up .
tr	PRES	 If Sarah or Andrea were bit  He shakes his head .
tr	PRES	Shaking her head , Carrie reaches over , takes the crown off his finger and puts it back on his head .
tr	PRES	 Shane , help me out , bro ! 
tr	PRES	"And then , ridiculously , "" ... sorry . """
tr	PRES	"Yes , he wears a claw fashioned like a crab 's . """
te	PRES	The steward returns with all four passports and wants to chat .
tr	PRES	I hiss , shaking away from him .
tr	PRES	Gamaliel holds a reputation in the Mishnah for being one of the greatest teachers in all the annals of Judaism .
va	PRES	I suck in a jagged breath and Sean pushes against me harder .
tr	PRES	' Thanks , ' I said , reluctant .
tr	PRES	"Cooper stops rubbing his thumb on my hip , "" You 're fearless to me ."
tr	PRES	It falls short , laying to rest on his bicep .
va	PRES	 But we can buy tickets over the phone ,  Nate justified .
te	PRES	The cube tank lashes out with lasers , but my rescuer teleports right above it and kills it with another pair of pistols .
tr	PRES	" Sure , she wakes us at all hours of the night , but she is such a darling .
va	PAST	The gunmen reacted in accordance with their training , turning their weapons on the scientists and opening fire .
va	PAST	 She implied it . """
tr	PRES	"Can you forgive me ? """
tr	PRES	"You 're the tracker , "" Lennox shoots back ."
tr	PRES	He spins me again , continuing to dance even when I feel like my legs have turned liquid below me .
tr	PRES	" All I 'm saying is ... relax and go with the flow .
tr	PAST	His lips curved in a knowing smile when he heard my legs immediately snapping shut the moment he withdrew his hand .
tr	PAST	Immediately the aroma of roasted meat assaulted his senses and his stomach growled .
tr	PRES	An officer with two rows of golden badges on his chest , towers over the group .
tr	PAST	The weight of that stolen money in her bag as she hopped a late SEPTA into the city .
tr	PRES	 I don 't have her number , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PRES	 Two hundred Golden Suns will still remain , your Royal Highness . 
tr	PRES	"We weaken each other 's powers . """
tr	PRES	"Here in South Carolina , where places like this exist . """
tr	PRES	He disappears again but I feel the vine begin to move ever so slowly .
tr	PRES	He scoots one of the trays of food toward the empty spot in front of me .
tr	PRES	I strain , the way I used to strain when I could almost remember the answer to a test question but couldn 't call it to mind .
tr	PRES	( Restorative slap here . )
tr	PRES	We tagged animals and took blood and tissue samples .
tr	PRES	"She already copies everything else . """
tr	PRES	Holder inches me back with each step closer my father gets .
tr	PRES	Way out on the edge of town , he mumbled .
tr	PRES	 Happy Friday ladies ! 
te	PRES	A few minutes later the paramedics arrive .
va	PRES	The learning processes devised by humans and all acquired knowledge actually facilitate avenues to circumvent and obfuscate the practice of good .
va	PRES	The drunkard wears the shoes so dirty and worn .
tr	PRES	" So even the Devil desires good deeds ?
va	PAST	She snatches her fingers back as the pendant jumps from her hand and bounces across the room .
va	PAST	His voice sharpened , sleep falling away .
va	PRES	Serena meets the eyes of the king .
va	PAST	The guards whirled from the computer , reaching for their guns .
va	PRES	My dick rests against her ass and I have to stop the urge to thrust my hips .
va	PAST	 The ninjas got me , "" she whined from beneath her leaves ."
tr	PRES	' Mr Briggs . '
tr	PRES	' Any chance of quicker ? '
tr	PRES	Turns out that I chose my engagement ring when I was just seventeen years old .
tr	PRES	My nostrils flare when I 'm angry and I wonder if Ray feels a small gust of wind .
te	PRES	" Her leg healed perfectly .
tr	PRES	Jack holds up a copy of the The Times .
tr	PRES	That , too , eh ? "
tr	PRES	I 'm not going to lie to you and tell you it tastes amazing because , truthfully , it sucks .
va	PRES	My skin , my body begins to wear away .
tr	PRES	But she blushes in embarrassment , and I am pricked with guilt for having teased her .
tr	PRES	"He changes subjects and says , "" Looks like that little white girl is thinking about an abortion ."
te	PRES	 TMI , Dad ,  I sing .
te	PRES	 Not at all , sweetheart . 
tr	PRES	Again , he stands motionless .
va	PRES	 Maybe not in America ,  Mia levels a glance at me .
tr	PRES	Malvern frowns at his stopwatch ; not because Mettle was slow , but because she was the opposite .
tr	PRES	"After several rings , he heard a woman 's sleepy voice say , "" Hello . """
tr	PRES	" Sorry , bro .
tr	PRES	He sat up in the bed and looked down at her , her body damp and glowing like the sky .
tr	PRES	Might as wel teach them now to make a stand . "
te	PRES	 Starred Gods . 
tr	PRES	The sensations that flooded my body when he pulled the chain and made me tremble .
tr	PRES	The pain becomes more than I can bear ; wrenching , bones cracking , the blood in my body ceases to flow .
tr	PRES	I limp then walk , very slow , stretching the tendon .
te	PRES	" You bluff well enough when we play cards .
tr	PAST	Ed 's face froze .
tr	PAST	The vapor circled me in a taunting manner , teasing me with its icy touch as it slipped over my exposed skin .
tr	PRES	More they talk , less they communicate  ."
tr	PRES	With that , she opens the door for me and I step out of the room .
tr	PRES	 And a witness . 
tr	PRES	"He slows the van and said , "" I 'm serious ! """
tr	PRES	" And how do you propose to do that ?
va	PAST	His rectangular belt buckle , emblazoned with a bald eagle , glinted in the sunlight .
va	PAST	Chuck applied some baby oil from a bottle provided by the scrawny blond .
va	PRES	Of course , just digging a hole behind the wall to check , creates a weak spot . "
va	PRES	Someone falls to the floor , screaming .
tr	PRES	' Look , ' Dorothy whispers suddenly , tugging at my hand .
tr	PRES	He stands , stretching , black-haired arms reaching for the ceiling , palming at it -- one two , one two .
tr	PRES	 The electric ? 
tr	PRES	 And Trip ? 
te	PRES	" Yeah  - he relaxes a moment - "" I remember . """
tr	PRES	 There 's Benjamin ,  she murmurs .
tr	PRES	His eyes flared even brighter as they latched onto the drops of blood glistening on her skin .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something incoherent .
tr	PRES	Just when it seems as though the Blairs on the verge of a major scientific breakthrough , tragedy strikes .
tr	PRES	"The reporter points a finger at Max and says , "" Thanks a lot . """
tr	PRES	I lean forward and kiss him .
tr	PRES	 Religious books ... ha . 
tr	PRES	In the morning , we pile into the cars and head to the airstrip .
te	PRES	I lean back in the seat and think about Gramps , wondering if he remembers what happened last night .
tr	PRES	He nods once and takes the keys , sliding them into his front pocket .
tr	PRES	One of the men tries to tear them apart , but he 's too cavalier .
va	PRES	" An insurance fraud investigator .
te	PAST	Drops of sweat formed on my upper lip as people stared at me , awaiting my response .
te	PAST	Sweating , I traced back through my memory .
te	PAST	They unbuckled their belts and stood in front of their seats , applauding him .
te	PAST	His father barked orders , and he took them from him like a lackey .
te	PAST	 I think your friend likes to keep secrets , "" Byron remarked to Jewell ."
tr	PRES	 This is the infamous Anna , I assume ? 
tr	PRES	 So , what brings you here ? 
va	PRES	 Du n no . 
tr	PRES	 I mean Sergio , you jackass . 
va	PRES	He winks at me .
te	PRES	The smile immediately disappears , replaced with a worried frown .
tr	PRES	" A Class Six ?
tr	PRES	 The Demon Light . """
te	PRES	 That ... wasn 't exactly what I was expecting ,  he mumbled .
te	PRES	Dear David , I raise my eyebrows .
tr	PRES	From what I assume used to be the entrance to the building , he walks a straight line close to the wall .
te	PRES	 Your jealously helps me to remember that I 'm really here , in this world , with you . 
tr	PRES	I knelt down as sirens finally pierced the air .
te	PRES	Feeding well , and on a regular basis helps with this , as does age and maturity .
va	PRES	She opens her arms and I go to her .
tr	PRES	" I also input data from departments that need help .
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen  Prepare for docking !"
va	PRES	Now a current of excitement passes through the crowd around the clearing .
tr	PRES	I exhale loudly when the screw detaches .
tr	PRES	"It brings her bad fortune . """
tr	PRES	"The old code breaker . """
tr	PRES	"Can I steal that ? """
tr	PRES	" What 's left of a race who came from a Territory that no longer exists .
te	PAST	But I ripped no bones .
te	PAST	Everything I could figure indicated it was three of em .
te	PAST	As one , they swarmed to the edge .
te	PRES	 Come on , Sally !"
va	PRES	Blake closed his eyes , thankful his sunglasses hid the majority of his expressions .
tr	PRES	The Dean presents each student with a personalized gift for each class that they pass .
tr	PRES	Her lower lip trembles as if she 's too worked up to tell me .
tr	PRES	" And when he returns ?
tr	PAST	Ruth twirled one perfectly manicured hand dismissively .
tr	PAST	Despair pierced her heart with the cold , and for an eternity she could not move , nor speak , nor even summon a conscious thought .
tr	PAST	She swiped her finger in the groove ; it was smooth as glass and held a faint residue of something slimy .
tr	PAST	Pink flowers floated gently to the ground , dancing around us with joy at our reunion .
tr	PRES	She lies in the bathtub as I prepare a mixture in a bowl from the kitchen -- it smells rather terrible .
tr	PAST	Just as he rose and headed down the land grumpily , he froze , his ears twisting .
tr	PAST	A year after he proposed .
tr	PRES	 The vine ! """
te	PRES	"It changes your perspective . """
va	PRES	" Even in a changing job market ,  she said , "" courtesy of a presidential downsizing , opportunities still exist ."
tr	PRES	I slap my forehead .
tr	PRES	 Doesn 't it scare you ? 
tr	PRES	"She deserves to be loved . """
tr	PRES	She chuckles against my chest .
tr	PRES	Each filament shone like a questing sunbeam .
tr	PRES	 For God 's sake , Blanche ! 
tr	PRES	This one causes even more emotions to resurface , because it 's a picture of both of us .
tr	PRES	MARCH 18 , 1990 A MOMENT IN TIME Footsteps echo behind me .
tr	PRES	She disappears from the reflection , followed immediately by a loud smack .
te	PRES	' Nice block . '
te	PRES	Trish giggles and hooks her arm through mine again .
tr	PRES	"Might oughta sell her some body armor , too , since she seems to always be in the wrong place at the wrong time . """
tr	PRES	It maps the voyage of our past , our genetic past , which helps us to plot a true course for our future .
tr	PRES	 Rachel ...  Enough .
tr	PRES	Inside the house , dim lights shone from behind heavy curtains .
va	PRES	The rain shone on her cheeks as she spoke .
tr	PRES	" O ' ye of little faith .
tr	PRES	Olive loves playing Aunt . '
tr	PRES	Julie holds limply to my hand , staring at the side of my face with wide eyes , trembling lips .
tr	PAST	And then , with a final heaving cry , the elemental monster exploded into a thousand shards of ice that went flying in as many directions .
tr	PAST	He slowed the car .
tr	PAST	Can you also transport objects to me , sending them where I direct ? "
tr	PRES	Everything she 'd done for me , the laughs she 'd given me and the way her face lit up when she smiled .
te	PRES	He glances at Seth then back at me and his shoulder shifts forward as he wraps an arm around my shoulder .
tr	PRES	I caught my breath as he kissed my neck , teeth grazing my skin .
tr	PRES	Of course with access to antiretrovirals , HIV hardly kills anyone - we now know this .
tr	PRES	Good day First Minister . '
tr	PRES	"' ' What about Bruno ? """
tr	PRES	Ingrid holds out her hand , palm facing the floor , and examines her nails .
tr	PRES	He kisses then helps her to load into the solar tram car .
tr	PRES	Finally , the image matches the real brick on the original wall , texture and all .
tr	PRES	She reaches the point from where she moved her first step .
tr	PRES	When we 're moving , he reaches to brush his fingers down my arm , over the place where my scratches are now fading .
tr	PRES	Behind him , someone else holds a large plank of wood with a nail sticking out of it .
tr	PRES	She reaches for him , but he moves away closer to me , leaving her grabbing at air .
va	PRES	"Then she proceeds to answer her own question , "" To keep you from getting psycho jealous , that 's why ."
va	PRES	The giant never forgave Anon for that .
te	PRES	He lets go of my shoulders and stares at me .
tr	PRES	Now I haven 't got her this causes the yearning and saddest thing to me .
tr	PRES	"I guarantee you won 't survive if you try it a third time . """
va	PRES	This technique does not just repress memories , it wipes the soul clean .
tr	PRES	 I suppose so ,  Neil mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Why , the oracle opens the door wide between our world and that of the Spirit World .
tr	PRES	She misses you but is happy that you touch her mind often .
tr	PAST	The dragon uttered a terrible screech .
tr	PAST	 Bastards , "" Ethan gritted out with obvious temper , needles of magic spilling into the air ."
tr	PRES	He approaches me and I rise .
tr	PRES	Claire holds her arm out in front of her .
tr	PRES	 I assume there 's a reason you want me to know this . 
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetie .
tr	PRES	No raggedy cloth bears , cats , or critters of any kind . "
tr	PRES	" Not yet , Princess .
tr	PRES	Behind her a uniformed man with short black hair slides down an access ladder , thumping his large combat boots onto the metal deck .
tr	PAST	He inched along to the edge of his chair , and I inched back away from him until he caught my wrist .
tr	PAST	With one last thrust , we both exploded and sank into the mattress , her sweaty body resting against my equally damp one .
tr	PAST	 Charlie didn 't dump me , Callum , "" she scoffed ."
tr	PRES	In truth I loathe antique stores .
tr	PRES	Mel sighs and gives me her annoyed look that 's just short of an eye roll .
tr	PRES	She excused herself and walked to the guest bathroom .
tr	PRES	"I bow he 's not here right now ... "" Nana gave a rueful smile ."
tr	PRES	 I certainly found that interesting ,  he chuckles nervously .
tr	PRES	He offers a flat smile .
tr	PRES	" Before it clouded up .
tr	PRES	Just text me when you wake up .
tr	PRES	I zap him right in the hip .
tr	PAST	Yet his mind tensed , on guard .
tr	PAST	Dressed goth , her eyes brightened a gold color .
tr	PRES	For instance , The Driver Privacy Protection Act protects against most people obtaining your name and address from your license plate .
tr	PAST	Desmond piped up for the first time since the argument started .
tr	PAST	She glided off and I rubbed my nose with my middle finger , discreetly flipping her off before dismissing her and looking away .
tr	PRES	They ruffled and groaned .
tr	PAST	Garret charged into the room , running straight for Mary Ellen .
tr	PAST	Taking a thin chain of gold from around his neck , he secured it .
tr	PRES	My sister twirls once , the skirt fanning around her , brushing against my knees and Kalli 's stomach .
tr	PRES	 So the question remains , what is to be done with you ?"
va	PRES	She talks about them as if she 's never really had friends before , at least not that many .
tr	PRES	" A delicious prey .
tr	PAST	Marching around to the passenger 's side she flung the door open and grabbed her purse .
tr	PRES	Go fetch the key .
tr	PRES	 It is to you the stewardship passes ."
tr	PRES	"Despite all of my flaws and mistakes You embraced them and never looked back "" I snuck a few when she wasn 't looking in the night ."
tr	PRES	The same can occur with a book or a film you connect with .
tr	PRES	Kit stops me at the door .
tr	PRES	Take one or two from a state , no one sees what is truly happening .
tr	PRES	 We don 't have a speaker , loser ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	She moans in response , her head falling back , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	PRES	 And ruined your fun ? 
tr	PRES	 Of course , Antonietta . 
tr	PRES	To my Mensa Writing Group , especially Ruth , Tom , Lynn , and Ken , who provide valuable commentary on my projects .
tr	PRES	 I thought it was over between us ,  she cries into his shirt .
tr	PRES	' Maybe , some scones too . '
tr	PRES	A quick grin surfaces .
tr	PRES	But even more thankful that I was allowed to drive myself that morning .
va	PRES	 Like that girl Bree in the meadow ? 
tr	PRES	It dawns on me that I have lost my friend forever .
tr	PRES	He leans back into his velvet chair resting his back and studies the room .
tr	PRES	 No prints on the edge of the mirror ? 
tr	PRES	 You can 't stop me ,  I protest .
tr	PRES	His voice slowly kills me inside , melting me .
tr	PRES	A wave of pain washes over her features .
tr	PRES	He hates the fact that I 've remarried .
tr	PRES	 Or maybe you 're looking for a woman ,  Casey teased .
tr	PRES	He opens the laptop and brings up a document titled Articles of Incorporation .
tr	PRES	"She remains stable , "" Vladimir said , as though he was speaking about the weather ."
va	PRES	She was astonished at how much Taya knew , this princess who was renowned only for her interest in casual diversions .
tr	PRES	 Uriel ,  I yell .
tr	PRES	Justine begins to cry as the final embers disappear into the evening light .
tr	PRES	" That was not very good , Sir Horace .
tr	PAST	 Who invented these , then ? """
tr	PRES	" He loves that thing .
tr	PRES	And nobody passes here during the day , anyway .
tr	PRES	The man offers me a curt smile before dipping his head forward and squeezing his eyes shut .
tr	PAST	Even though , every time she looked at him with those big stormy eyes , he experienced a desperate urge to hand her the world .
tr	PRES	 Big spider ! """
tr	PRES	' Because he 's got so many bloody lies to confess to before he can actually tell the truth . '
tr	PRES	It reminds me how different it is here compared to where I started life in San Francisco .
tr	PRES	He sets a tiny box on the table .
va	PRES	No threats , no demands , no one even hinting that they knew .
tr	PRES	"Jez flicks the sawdust from his chest , "" It 's Che Guevara . """
tr	PRES	 I felt the same ,  Trick states .
tr	PRES	She all but shouts on the verge of tears .
va	PRES	Her hair matches his now , and a wisp of it has come loose .
tr	PRES	"... you remember the name of your instructor ? """
tr	PRES	She wears the customary black warrior 's outfit with belt and pouch .
tr	PRES	Malcolm eventually explains that the earthquake seriously damaged the underground facilities .
te	PRES	My head draws back in a stunned motion .
tr	PRES	" I control it now , Red Mage .
tr	PAST	The pastor announced that the couple would greet everyone at the reception and to stay seated until the ushers dismissed them .
tr	PRES	The Rescue of George , Maurice and Julian Page 75 13 .
tr	PRES	 Looks like we might be going to Canada today , "" Bob comments ."
tr	PRES	 Ah ah ah . 
te	PRES	He remains still for a while , breathing heavily against my chest , like he 's afraid to move .
tr	PRES	A slimy feeling washes over me .
tr	PRES	"Boss likes to meet new people , talk to them about the rules , get them settled . """
tr	PRES	The weight of her arm brings an alien sensation .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap over to Olivia 's mom .
tr	PRES	Her cold reaction reminds me that we don 't do things like this .
tr	PRES	She stands at the base and cranes her neck to look up at it .
va	PRES	"Or scare you ? """
tr	PRES	 It 's fast ,  Nine explains .
tr	PRES	He holds up a vial before slipping it back in his jeans .
va	PRES	Something inside my chest relaxes somewhat .
tr	PRES	The grass hisses at our legs and the grey clouds menace the sky .
tr	PRES	Then Darius , stumbling so that Tempest and Julian both reached for him at the same time .
tr	PRES	Dominic chuckles to himself .
tr	PRES	Prisoners crave mail , but this was one package I could have done without .
tr	PRES	It rattles for a bit and the screws holding it to the floor jump but don 't come loose .
tr	PRES	Although I would recommend that you eliminate him from your life , despite the wedding .
tr	PRES	I lean down to look into her eyes .
tr	PRES	He tries to scramble free .
tr	PRES	She lets out a little laugh .
tr	PRES	" Behind this door lies the beginning of our journey together .
tr	PRES	One of the guards remembers seeing a dog running through the maintenance hallway a little after lunch , though .
tr	PAST	Catarina regarded the girl with a cold look in her narrowed eyes .
tr	PRES	Talk about freaky weird ... even Eve seemed not quite sure what to do with her .
tr	PAST	Russel 's phone beeped once .
tr	PAST	The women exited the sunroom through large French doors opening onto a broad sunny terrace with a breathtaking view of the ocean .
tr	PAST	Then her body stiffened with horror .
tr	PAST	Put me out of my misery quickly , I prayed to no one in particular .
tr	PAST	' Oh dear , ' I joked .
tr	PRES	He glances my way when he hears me walk in .
tr	PRES	Jordan whipped around to face her .
tr	PAST	There have been several new cases ,  Bridget reported ."
tr	PRES	In rainy Seattle , Gaia finally meets the man of her dreams , but he proves to be ... otherworldly .
tr	PRES	It disappears just as quickly as it came on .
tr	PRES	 I - I told him it was a Projection ,  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	"Life suddenly mattered again . """
tr	PRES	Jeanine holds my head steady with one hand and inserts the needle into my neck with the other .
tr	PRES	Dad and I smack Henry 's head several times .
tr	PRES	 You 're crying ,  Realm whispers .
te	PRES	Charlie mumbled as she turned to her side and vomited in the trashcan .
va	PRES	Arguing as sisters do , they disappear over the brow of the hill .
tr	PRES	"Annoying , but hot , "" announces Abby ."
tr	PRES	The Princess begins to understand just how badly the decisions he was forced to make weighed down on him .
tr	PRES	And as much as it is excruciatingly painful , the beast never loses focus ; it never takes its eyes from her .
te	PRES	 Who brings flowers anyway , I ask you ? 
tr	PRES	He loves you , and he 's been honest about it .
tr	PRES	"Your power wil feed his ... and vice versa . """
tr	PRES	 Instant basement access ... ? 
tr	PRES	I punch his arm and he sits back and smiles .
tr	PRES	Laughing , Erin throws caution to the wind and lets herself have some junk food .
te	PRES	 Good thing I didn 't pack more ,  Rick mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Upon the mark , ten even paces aside , counted loud from both parties .
tr	PAST	She skipped the hug and just patted my shoulder instead .
tr	PAST	And although she didn 't say anything , she feared Jared might not make it to the hospital in time .
tr	PAST	But Daniel claimed it meant ' When I think of you , I miss having friends ' .
tr	PAST	Car horns merged with the music to produce a strange , almost hypnotic rhythm .
tr	PAST	For the first time since she 'd read Nolan 's column that afternoon , she experienced the beginnings of excitement .
tr	PRES	To top it off , the sun shone in a cloudless blue sky , a rare sight of late .
tr	PAST	Jason eyed the surrounding ivy .
tr	PRES	 Kinks , "" Bathsheba repeated , blinking her eyes rapidly ."
tr	PRES	He points to the door beside the elevator .
tr	PRES	Then mumbled another thank you to Jase , before following her out of the room .
tr	PRES	A mole ... who would have thought .
tr	PRES	"I represent a client who I believe you recently meant . """
tr	PRES	His other hand reaches to take my scarred wrist , and he brings it to his mouth , kissing the mark there .
tr	PRES	Whatever pain meds she had taken were wearing off , the numbing effect fading so I could feel the pins nipping at my hairline .
tr	PRES	Moments later my door opens and Lea sticks her head in .
va	PRES	Deep drumbeats echo , one after another .
tr	PRES	" No one ,  he ground out , his eyes an inch from my own , "" no one touches my queen . """
tr	PRES	 Didn 't anybody teach you not to do that ? 
tr	PRES	He releases my shoulders to catch my wrists with hands rough as rope .
tr	PRES	Or reason to stay separate . '
tr	PRES	He stands beside her then pats the cat .
tr	PRES	 Sure ,  Tammie replies , anxious to get her off the phone .
tr	PRES	 What brings you here ? 
tr	PRES	 I assume you refer to my sin of pride , which always made you worry so for my soul . 
tr	PRES	Your idiosyncratic tastes I 'll heed .
tr	PRES	I tuck my hair behind my ear .
tr	PRES	Mary winks at him and tells him to move on .
tr	PRES	I sip at my ale , scooping up the final puddle of my stew .
tr	PRES	The same with the other teeth , and the gems strung with them : jade for grace , diamonds for strength and beauty .
tr	PRES	A delicate , smooth shoulder shone from her ripped dress , and there was animal terror in her gaze .
tr	PRES	Not only do you belong to your dad and his family , you belong to me and mine .
tr	PRES	The words crash over me , heavy with meaning , filling my soul .
tr	PRES	How 's it affect Solly 's injury ? '
tr	PRES	His dark hair falls forward from where he 'd tucked it behind his ears but he doesn 't push it back .
tr	PRES	- Mostly adventure and gangster movies .
tr	PRES	 You were having a nightmare ,  she murmurs as she brushes hair back from my forehead .
va	PRES	 I 'm glad I amuse you , your highness ,  she mumbled through gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	"A spontaneous combustion item . """
tr	PRES	My knees wobble as I amble out into the kitchen where Luke and Kayden are laughing about something at the table .
va	PRES	"He likes anything I wear ... or don 't wear . """
tr	PRES	 I assume by the state of the pencil that you 've found something . 
tr	PRES	 Eli deserves a lot better than just a step above our folks . 
tr	PRES	 And Vera ? 
tr	PRES	" Thou hath tried but diversions of thee mind prevent focus .
tr	PAST	 First and last , worry about speed , "" Mira advised ."
te	PRES	 But , Mr. Twining , I wanted to thank you for being so nice to my friend Maria . 
va	PRES	Dad talks about the merger a lot .
tr	PRES	The house helps were all out to welcome us along with some of the dancers who followed us from the airport .
tr	PRES	It begins to wrap itself around my body .
tr	PRES	He wears dark glasses that wrap around his face and he is wearing a long sleeved shirt .
tr	PRES	Root hog or die .
tr	PRES	Nothing terrified me , but the feelings that Shane spoke of did concern me .
tr	PRES	Then the engine revved .
tr	PRES	 Exactly , if they are in our minds , we will connect with their minds , this I am sure ,  Diana states .
tr	PRES	A natural fortress to protect them from their enemies .
va	PRES	" Come on , Emerson .
tr	PAST	 So just now , you defeated four death vampires by yourself ."
tr	PRES	Magic still freaked me out .
tr	PRES	 I 'm sorry ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	 Your father uses him on a regular basis . 
tr	PRES	He rises up from the horse 's back and holds his position , and I do the same .
te	PRES	Seven or eight bodyguards at all times , and there was always a family from somewhere different everyday .
tr	PRES	I asked skeptically , my heart still pounding in my chest .
tr	PRES	Then she pul ed herself out of his arms , but it was too late .
tr	PRES	Her tangles of red hair shone brightly in the moonlight and her dress clung tight to her body , swelling in all the right places .
va	PRES	"And what about the merchants outside ? """
tr	PRES	"And hopefully Jackie . """
tr	PRES	Chapter 18 Anthony returns a few hours later carrying bags of clothes .
tr	PRES	Something decent for a change .
tr	PRES	Serena recognizes him as the same werewolf that chased her the night of the excursion and as the one she watched confer with the king .
tr	PRES	"And who sure as hell never had any clue she likes butterflies . """
tr	PRES	" I lo . .
va	PRES	And I suggest you get the hell out before it does . "
tr	PRES	She tries so hard to overcome the images in her head .
tr	PRES	A mix of shocked dismay and protectiveness .
tr	PRES	"Concourse B ... "" He strained to read the number posted above the computer ."
tr	PRES	Longing to be indoors once again , he climbs the dated stairs leading to the massive doorway of the structure .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PAST	 Tats and names aside , Girard produced an absolutely gorgeous wedding ."
va	PRES	Your former professor , Dr. Bradley , informs me that you have a fascination with sharks .
tr	PRES	He opens the greenhouse door .
tr	PRES	The gun muzzle flashes , and Blake staggers forward as a mist of blood sprays out the front of his collarbone .
tr	PRES	"She beats cinnamon rolls any day of the week for "" best olfactory experience ever . """
tr	PRES	She reaches over and caresses his face .
tr	PRES	I wipe away his tear with my thumb and I do the only thing I can think to do because I have no idea what to say .
te	PRES	A long silence passes between us .
te	PRES	Then my mind drifts to two more people .
tr	PRES	"So , what brings you to Vegas ? """
tr	PRES	 Strip poker ? 
tr	PRES	George slaps dad 's back and rubs it , maybe trying to remove the impact on his shoulder .
va	PRES	 This requires an inordinate amount of concentration . 
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my pillow .
tr	PRES	Tyson supplies shooting me shut-up daggers .
tr	PRES	Says one of the other guys bugged at the situation .
tr	PRES	Maybe that 's how she got her name , ' cos you could have sworn her stomach was crammed full of soap .
te	PRES	My chest pushes tight against his , and I bite back a gasp .
tr	PRES	The road before us remains black but now glows at the edges .
tr	PRES	 The X Women . 
tr	PRES	She helps me in my own workshop sometimes and is talented , but I must warn you that she is very shy .
tr	PRES	His gaze snaps to mine .
tr	PRES	 Are you married , Leo ? 
tr	PRES	 No tricks ! 
tr	PRES	 Oh , Lucy , of course it doesn 't , sweetie . 
tr	PRES	Ha ha , yes , nearly there , and you can give your butt a rest .
tr	PRES	A young woman in a flashy dress and too much makeup slides into the booth .
tr	PRES	Stephan joins my father .
va	PRES	 Of the thunder when it storms . 
tr	PRES	Or taking a dive off the Summerville water tower .
tr	PRES	The headlight washes over our rubble , throwing long shadows into the ruins .
tr	PRES	"Everyone at the table hollered , "" To the American Empire !"
tr	PRES	He glances at me before glancing at Juliette , who 's now chewing a grain of rice very carefully .
va	PRES	Then I detach it from the outer hatch and close the outer door .
va	PRES	He bolts past me .
te	PRES	 That boy talks too much . 
tr	PRES	 You already exist . 
tr	PRES	She lets out a giggle and I smile as I back us into the bathroom .
tr	PRES	Vin now holds his Contract .
tr	PRES	He passes through us and leads us back to the living room .
tr	PRES	 You here for the bounty ? 
tr	PRES	 So , what brings you to our small town ? 
tr	PRES	 Are you a virgin , then , lass ? 
va	PRES	Mr. Kent sighs and sits on the couch next to Max .
tr	PRES	 It 's OK ,  Juliet murmurs , stroking my hair .
tr	PRES	 The Borden . 
tr	PRES	She reaches into a cabinet to pull down a box of macaroni and cheese and then grabs a pot and fills it with water .
tr	PRES	 No paper ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	If something happens to you , command falls to me , and I am no soldier .
tr	PRES	 He won 't hurt you ,  Gabe whispers .
va	PRES	Fear begins to rise in my throat .
tr	PRES	"he shrugs "" Nothing , Want me to teach you ?"
tr	PRES	The real moon shone through the casement window .
tr	PRES	Lancaster still holds the gift out to her , and once she 's sure the sneezing is done , she takes it .
tr	PRES	 What if she runs away again ? 
tr	PRES	She kills with one touch .
tr	PRES	 It creeps me out when you do that . 
tr	PRES	"Unfortunately , as we now know , the ballistics excluded this weapon . """
tr	PRES	He clutches his throat and motions as if blood is spraying everywhere .
tr	PRES	 Alex , this is going to take all of my concentration ,  he explains .
tr	PRES	 I screwed up . 
tr	PRES	Charlie stops in the gloom and takes me by the shoulder and turns me around and looks me in me eyes .
tr	PRES	"And once , when I touched it , he freaked out . """
tr	PRES	He holds them fast .
tr	PRES	Cassie lays her doll on the ground before the spirit .
tr	PRES	The whiteboard on it falls to the carpet and I pick it up .
tr	PRES	 That helps . 
tr	PRES	Lark guides her finger along an algorithm that is on the map as if she knows what she is looking at .
tr	PRES	Tripping over the undergrowth , my mother stops to bandage my cuts , causing her to sigh .
te	PRES	 But ...  Ivy tries to argue .
tr	PRES	No honest merchant ever passes up an opportunity to steal .
va	PRES	Chapter 40 The holiday break continues and , surprisingly , I 'm okay .
tr	PRES	Wilson explains to me that three out of the four of them are exchanging their time in order to get help on their own houses .
tr	PRES	"She belongs to me and I would give my life to keep her safe . """
tr	PRES	She presses her thumb tighter against my hand .
tr	PRES	My chest opens up and oxygen flows through my lungs again .
tr	PRES	 Does anyone ever swim in the pool ? 
tr	PRES	I snap out of it when she snaps her fingers in my face .
va	PRES	The scorn I knew so well .
tr	PRES	She just hopes that her presence in Justine 's life does not ultimately cause her pain .
tr	PRES	She laughs at me when I say that .
tr	PRES	Something that made those dogs attack people .
te	PRES	 Only because my mom lets us do whatever the hell we want ,  Micha points out .
tr	PRES	But maybe when someone forgives someone else so many times , he reaches a point when he can 't anymore .
tr	PRES	She helps the girl to get up and walks arm in arm .
tr	PRES	The waitress stops over and Eli orders another drink while Cooper orders one for him and me .
tr	PRES	 You probably could have done a better job ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Oooh ...  "" Dangerous , "" Ivy said , folding her arms ."
tr	PRES	Doyle lay on the ground , eyes blinking up at the ceiling .
va	PRES	 Yes , but that 's before I knew Helen would be coming home ,  Carmen explains .
tr	PRES	"I lo ... "" Before he could get the words out , Suzy put her hand over his mouth ."
tr	PRES	 Not for long , Your Lordship . 
te	PRES	' Quickly describe ! '
te	PRES	 And this is why I need you ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	 But true , eh ? 
tr	PRES	 How about a different story , about a princess who loses a shoe ? 
tr	PRES	" Not with my cloak on .
tr	PAST	It disintegrated beneath their weight .
tr	PAST	 Brian should have volunteered to get you your soda ."
tr	PRES	He watches me as my hands move down .
tr	PRES	she breathes , but she squirms against my hand , so I push a little harder .
te	PRES	" Ingrid wishes to sleep with me .
tr	PAST	Shuttles and transports of all sizes weaved through the area at all times of the day or night .
tr	PAST	The stagecoach driver loudly munched away as all eyes stayed on him .
tr	PRES	You belong to me , only to me , from now on . "
tr	PRES	 I 'm such an idiot ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	This uneven mixture of sophisticated humor and downright slapstick amounts to little more than a fairly amusing comedy .
va	PRES	"They feed off the souls . """
tr	PRES	If he does , he lets it go for now .
tr	PRES	He just stands there with his hands limp at his sides and grinding his teeth .
tr	PRES	One of the biggest regrets of my life ... Still , our days of happiness went on , passing by one after the other .
tr	PRES	" I suspect that , as a mathematician , you are one of a kind .
va	PRES	 Allan tells me we 'd be in for a protracted court battle . """
tr	PRES	This action adds a Tier to your account .
tr	PRES	Nausea drips down into my stomach , settling uneasily on the hot chocolate I 've already drunk .
tr	PRES	Pack protects each other .
tr	PRES	 What ancient treasure ? 
tr	PRES	Radcliffe nods and a smile quirks the edges of his mouth .
tr	PRES	 What manner of curse permits you to master stone without being a gargoyle ? 
tr	PRES	"What else explains what 's going on ? """
tr	PRES	He eases us into the pasture and we land with a gentle thump .
tr	PRES	The emotion disappears from Jack 's face , he removes my feet from his lap , and he suddenly stands .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , in your dreams ,  Danny teased .
tr	PRES	Sunlight fills the clouds .
te	PRES	With one hand , she begins feeling her way across my face , prodding my cheeks and chin , like a blind person .
va	PRES	She likes when they 're in show business .
tr	PRES	" Time flies when you are having fun .
te	PAST	The darkness shimmered like calm water invaded by a skipping stone as a cloaked figure appeared before them .
te	PRES	 Start the demolition phase ASAP . """
va	PRES	' He remembers who we are .
va	PRES	 Okay goodnight . 
tr	PRES	But she holds up a hand .
tr	PRES	"We estimate there are as many as eight hundreds . """
te	PRES	" In fact , I disagree .
tr	PAST	Juliet gritted her teeth as she hurried to catch up with her aggravating mate , not surprised when she stepped directly into the stables .
tr	PRES	I relax at the sound of Kira 's voice .
tr	PAST	Picking up the phone , she dialed Andrea 's extension .
tr	PRES	 Didn 't your uncle teach you never to pump gas without grounding your airplane first ?"
tr	PRES	The stranger , oblivious to Aria 's awareness , draws two long black blades from beneath his jacket , the sharp edges glinting in the overhead lights .
tr	PRES	 The university . 
tr	PRES	 I just love your Southern phrases ,  Mom murmurs .
tr	PRES	He glances up from looking at the papers in his hand .
te	PRES	Hungry , the flames flare , casting a brighter glow and illuminating Jesse 's profile , his eyelashes long and thick .
tr	PRES	"Is , um ... "" Henry lowers his voice to a mere whisper , "" ... sex involved ? """
tr	PRES	"Should we invite him to come with us ? """
tr	PRES	 Radiant ,  he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Now that you know ,  she teased , "" what are you planning on doing about it ? """
tr	PRES	I lean forward toward the ground .
tr	PRES	His prose , as well , tends toward the overly dramatic , although a few people claim to like it .
va	PRES	That almost indescribable quality that makes another man step back and a woman 's glance linger .
te	PRES	He throws that rag into the hot coals too .
tr	PRES	 Too severe damage ; impossible to cure . 
tr	PRES	she whispers to me , seeming shocked .
tr	PRES	Oh yes , he loves you very much .
tr	PRES	A large table stands in the middle , and taped to the walls are photographs , diagrams , and lists .
va	PRES	 Brooklyn Kane ,  Charles clears his throat and opens the notebook he keeps in his chest pocket .
va	PRES	Berwick chuckles being jealous of Oxbow 's infamous terror and tickles approach .
te	PRES	Recruitment occurs annually and a maximum of 3 candidates are selected .
tr	PRES	Tyler changes the view of the dragon 's eye .
tr	PRES	 I can walk , you know ,  she tells me , laughter in her blue eyes .
tr	PRES	He peels off his shirt and I don 't know where to look .
tr	PRES	"... custom leather seats as soft as a baby 's ass ... "" Blah blah blah ."
tr	PRES	Just leaning on the door opens the door !
tr	PRES	A distant world holds smart phones , internet routers , and augmented vision -- but is it really a better place ?
va	PRES	He folds up his newspaper , seeming skeptical .
va	PRES	"Good day Mr. Zane . """
tr	PRES	 You didn 't need to do that today ,  he mutters as his fingers probe their way to my ass .
tr	PRES	I smack his chest playfully .
tr	PRES	"So please file up in an orderly fashion . """
tr	PRES	Lord Loss frowns thoughtfully , but it 's a deceptive frown - he knows exactly what he 's going to ask for .
tr	PRES	"Claire 's mouth falls open , "" What did you just say ? """
va	PRES	 I know ,  she admits in a whisper .
va	PRES	"These things will probably find it soon , "" he points out , squatting down near the edge of the lofty balcony overlooking the area ."
tr	PRES	She still sleeps . '
tr	PRES	 He hates even thinking about it . 
tr	PRES	No one remembers me without the glasses .
tr	PRES	Pox slows the carriage .
tr	PRES	I stood up , my legs unsteady .
tr	PRES	Liza often snuck into the real Patrick 's room and told him stories late into the night .
tr	PRES	 Some psychic . 
tr	PRES	 Holy cow ! 
te	PRES	 Little Ms. Black Belt . 
tr	PRES	My tongue slides over my top teeth .
tr	PRES	I crave this moment just as much as the pain that will follow .
tr	PRES	Benjamin arrives then , and his special smile for me eases my tension .
tr	PRES	She opens a checking and savings account at the local bank and takes out an American Express Credit Card .
va	PRES	 No ,  she begged .
tr	PRES	I stretch my arms out .
tr	PRES	Then she begged for him .
tr	PRES	 That terrifies me most of all . 
tr	PRES	Court me , take me , romance me .
tr	PRES	 You 're right ,  I mumbled instead .
tr	PRES	 Bran ,  I sob .
tr	PRES	She snaps her fingers at me .
tr	PRES	 Why , you brat ! 
tr	PRES	A light shone full in his face .
tr	PRES	" All the personality of a mental facility .
tr	PAST	But Tara crawled into the bed with him and settled beside him .
tr	PRES	I scratch my head with the handle of the knife .
tr	PAST	He hooked a ride on an ammo lorry and looked none too pleased about it .
tr	PAST	Collapsing into my computer chair , I jiggled my computer to life and stared blankly at the screen , my mind in several places at once .
tr	PRES	 She deserves to hear both sides of the story , I think , at the very least , and choose where she wants to be . """
tr	PRES	 Christ ,  I mutter , stepping out of the way just in time .
tr	PRES	He trusts my thoughts and dodges instantly .
tr	PRES	His hand slides to the base of his dick and he comes back to me , grabbing my hips .
tr	PRES	He grasped his cock , his expression pained .
tr	PRES	 Even better ,  she teased , but when she leaned in to kiss him , her cell phone suddenly chimed to life .
tr	PRES	Two more bottles sail over the roof , landing in different spots among the nest , sending the walkers running in all directions , clueless and panicking .
te	PRES	He grins wickedly , and I know he 's thinking of my predilection for all things strawberry .
tr	PRES	 Well , that explains a lot . 
tr	PRES	He points to a shop advertising DVDs and computer games in its window .
va	PRES	And then he sees me .
tr	PRES	We arrive to the second session early so we continue to read in the bleachers while the girls finish practicing .
tr	PRES	The window wipers danced back and forth , clearing the rain drops long enough to let the next droplets splash into their place .
tr	PRES	Sadness washes over his face .
tr	PRES	I discover Colton fast asleep on the sofa outside the guidance counselor 's office .
tr	PRES	 Damn , Natalie you are so ...  His breath was ragged and warm against her ear .
tr	PRES	Light bursts into the sky and we start into the maze .
tr	PRES	Too unlike any other naturally occurring virus .
tr	PRES	That narrows the possibilities , and I can rule out the usual suspects .
tr	PRES	The afternoon passes quickly and we run out of water .
te	PRES	 Ugh , I broke it ,  Tammie sighs .
tr	PRES	"It 's just a few blocks down that way , "" she points ."
tr	PRES	His hand begins moving a little faster , a little more ardently , his breathing heavier .
tr	PRES	 I du n no , you should talk to him . 
tr	PRES	Ho , heave , ho , hoist up the jolly flag .
tr	PRES	Except it doesn 't belong to a child .
va	PRES	My imagination supplies the details .
tr	PRES	 I like hanging out with you , girl ,  he begins , his voice a shade deeper than usual .
tr	PRES	The music slams against my chest and the lights sting at my eyes as I step out of the dim hallway and into the room .
tr	PRES	My mind whispers and I swallow back another wave of nausea .
tr	PRES	Evan stares at me for an eternity and pity surfaces in his eyes as he presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	Until the sun falls from the sky .
tr	PRES	"And , Denis sees it as a way to have power over me . """
tr	PRES	"25 SOUND BITES "" Uh , hello ? """
tr	PRES	He watches Teddy a lot .
tr	PRES	My jaw drops at the same time that my feet stop .
tr	PRES	 Captain ,  Chip interrupted calmly .
tr	PRES	"And then "" NO ! """
tr	PRES	Sander winks gulping down some wine .
tr	PRES	( Then , these little darlings arrive ?
tr	PRES	I shudder , and desire spreads through my whole body , as if every cell is comprised solely of the dark craving to be touched by him .
te	PRES	He murmurs an apology , and I only catch a glimpse of wavy hair tamed with a ball cap .
tr	PRES	 A latte ? 
tr	PRES	Her voice softens into sympathy , and she averts her eyes .
tr	PRES	 That about sums it up . 
te	PRES	Echo stares at me .
va	PRES	 Don 't sweat it , sis , and you 're welcome . 
te	PRES	The anger melts off of Jonathan 's face and he stands there a beat longer than he should , almost shocked .
tr	PRES	 No ,  he mutters .
tr	PRES	" No matter what I do they weep .
tr	PRES	 You 're scaring me , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	 So ... what brings you here ? 
va	PRES	The red light flicks on again .
tr	PRES	Suddenly he bursts into laughter and asks what makes her think he won 't just keep her jewellery and throw her overboard .
tr	PRES	"' ' Quick ! """
tr	PRES	The truck bounces as we weave through the trees and surface out the other end .
va	PRES	"I assume you were out with your life-sized Ken doll ? """
va	PRES	" Clean off the leg of your pants , there , too , Annie , please .
tr	PRES	The ethereal orbs impact nothing but each other at the center of the trap as Garo briefly enters the shadows to emerge behind his opponent .
tr	PRES	 I guess , "" Caleb mumbled ."
tr	PRES	She glides up until we 're eye to eye .
tr	PRES	"And Daddy loves you , okay ? """
tr	PRES	She offers us cool , clear water to drink , and naught else .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the handle , placing his hand over mine , and the knife begins to wiggle .
te	PRES	I rip open paper and smile at my presents .
tr	PRES	Serena tucks her legs for one more roll then straightens them to stand .
tr	PRES	You deserve better than this .
te	PRES	 A witch . 
tr	PRES	 You might as well be offering up your virginity ,  I grumble .
tr	PRES	My mom 's beautiful face flashes before my eyes and I feel so sad that I 'll never get to see her again .
tr	PRES	He talks highly of you .
tr	PRES	" It stands to reason she 'd stand up for you as well .
tr	PRES	The worry joins the multitude of other worries swimming around in my brain and worsens the tumbling in my belly .
tr	PAST	Following that , they required three more days to retrieve their complete vigor .
tr	PAST	He announced racing off to the truck .
tr	PRES	After a couple seconds , he clears his throat and continues .
tr	PAST	He sensed her distance and tightened his arms in protest .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble and it 's taking everything I have not to cry .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a motorbike buzzed up the road , brushing past him like a swarm of insects .
tr	PRES	Saturated with blood , the wire drips the dark red liquid consistently , a steady stream tracing its way down the line from unknown sources .
tr	PRES	Hell , they bob up in molten lava !
tr	PRES	Noah opens his mouth to say something , but I interrupt .
tr	PAST	I only prayed he could forgive me when he found out .
tr	PAST	Silence executed an impressive looking spinning , flying kick , breaking the neck of the goblin in front of him .
tr	PAST	 You proved this ? """
tr	PRES	She beams as if it were long overdue and hard won .
tr	PRES	Someone from Lane 's crew hears about a Brit with bad teeth ?
te	PRES	He brings his mouth to my upper back , and trails hot kisses down my spine .
tr	PRES	He lay asleep in bed with the sheets tangled around him , his light brown hair glinting reddish in the morning sun .
tr	PRES	" Mother ,  Emma whispered harshly , "" shame on you ."
tr	PRES	She removes a hanger from the rod and turns around .
tr	PRES	I lean in closer .
tr	PRES	Claws slash , fangs and pincers snap .
tr	PRES	 Hey ,  she whispers back .
tr	PRES	Frank winks at me .
te	PRES	 Uncle Virgil ? 
tr	PRES	" But stay close , Lizzy .
tr	PRES	 A fan ? """
tr	PRES	Does that sound reasonable ? '
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a light shone into our hideout .
va	PRES	But the fact remains that this little guy has so far not found a way out of the tree .
tr	PRES	 It tells you a story ,  she whispers , watching me as I study the painting .
tr	PRES	" That tastes horrendous .
tr	PAST	We flicked our gaze back to the speaker as he continued .
tr	PRES	At the moment , Montgomery remains stoically silent on the issue , refusing any comment at all . "
tr	PRES	She tries to conjure up a fitting answer to his question , but she can 't .
tr	PRES	Lila lets her blonde hair fall into her face to hide her blush .
tr	PRES	"And whatever changes did occur in him only helped our studies further . """
tr	PRES	He then reaches his hand through the new opening and grabs the handle he finds inside , yanking it forward .
tr	PRES	She just likes to take care of her friends .
tr	PRES	It likes to sort things logically .
tr	PRES	 Hurry , please hurry ,  she begged .
va	PRES	He yanks a key out of his pocket .
tr	PRES	 Let 's try ,  he insists .
tr	PRES	" Report me  he whispers , then "" But I want a word with you afterwards ."
tr	PRES	He pushes up on his elbow and is over me .
tr	PRES	His voice loses inflection but it 's still threaded with curiosity .
tr	PRES	 Big fish ! 
tr	PRES	" It forces you to use your ability for those who truly need it , while brushing off the ones who are full of bullshit .
te	PAST	Chips and currency cascaded every which way as the table tottered and nearly fell over .
te	PAST	Neither of them possessed an impulsive personality .
te	PRES	Hence her never focusing her amorous charms in his direction .
te	PAST	Mo eased the Phoenix through an enormous gap in the rock face , looking like a forbidding gate .
te	PAST	Claire sipped the mocha , which was actually pretty good .
te	PAST	He fumbled with the doorknob , then pushed the storm door open and told me to go inside .
te	PAST	Jackie 's chest heaved , and then it let out a roar , and lunged at Sara .
te	PRES	 Don 't you dare call this junk , "" Jack 's voice threatens ."
tr	PRES	' Male change of clothes , medical supplies , maps ... ' Looks like he had one for himself and one for a woman .
tr	PRES	 The Bella Nicola ? 
tr	PRES	My Cadogan medal was my only accessory , and I left my hair down , my bangs a dark fringe across my forehead .
tr	PRES	He points at James .
tr	PRES	I snuck him into my bed when I had nightmares , even though he was supposed to sleep in the downstairs laundry room .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , she likes pushing me when she can . 
tr	PRES	" Fuck it all , Rio .
te	PAST	I pocketed my phone , took my gun back from Zen , and nodded to Audrey .
te	PRES	Why can 't Puck just glamour me some clothes -  "" Darling , darling , darling . """
tr	PRES	Bad habit or not he began to remember how much he once enjoyed smoking .
tr	PRES	He shrugs , like it 's no big deal , but it is .
tr	PRES	 I 'll be right back ,  she mutters as she runs from the room .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches out .
tr	PRES	" What about Gary ?
te	PRES	Winkler leapt after him .
te	PRES	 What bruises ? """
tr	PRES	The catch in his breath , the low groan as I buck my hips up against him ... I 'm doing this .
tr	PRES	But the high priestess 's mind ranges where she wills .
tr	PRES	"Seven streams and we know it works . """
tr	PRES	I writhe against my bonds , wanting more .
tr	PRES	 Everything tastes better when there 's nakedness involved . 
tr	PRES	Then the crackle of a fire .
tr	PRES	He carries the dead preacher down the path , paying no mind to the rain or the blood that drenches his cloak .
tr	PRES	Beast 's eyes narrow in that way he has that sees past my skin into my very bones .
te	PRES	 Of course ,  she mumbled as she wandered past us to the dining table , her arms swinging lazily at her sides .
tr	PRES	 She deserves what I do to her . 
tr	PRES	Tenderness shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	 Like clockwork . 
tr	PRES	 Callie likes Ryan . 
tr	PRES	" Physically inevitable or not , truth stands above all things .
tr	PAST	To compensate , he often visited his favorite Aunt , Lydia and her four children .
tr	PRES	 What fella ? """
tr	PRES	He holds up his tattooed hand .
tr	PRES	With one hand , he pins my arms above my head and presses his body against mine .
tr	PRES	She leans forward and gives me a kiss on the mouth .
va	PRES	" First off , you 're like what twelve ?
tr	PAST	She wriggled to get even closer .
tr	PAST	His brows pinched as he focused on the road .
tr	PRES	And ' rags ' ?
tr	PAST	When his eyes stopped on her , she froze .
tr	PRES	He breathes out heavily , shuddering slightly , and I recognize that movement .
tr	PAST	She swiped the T-shirt over her daughter 's dirty face while the caterpillar made its way up Lucia 's arm .
tr	PAST	The entire group emerged from the building site , crossing the boundary Danger had been pacing earlier in the day .
tr	PAST	 Maybe she was being chased . """
tr	PRES	He backs us towards the cool crisp water .
tr	PRES	So , I wing it .
tr	PRES	She spit in his face .
tr	PRES	I slink out the door .
va	PRES	The stars shine brightly against the onyx sky .
tr	PRES	The market sets up in the church plaza by the municipal building and the church itself .
tr	PRES	 And your master ? 
tr	PRES	 Cherry Martinez ? 
tr	PRES	 Alfred , ' GD ' stands for Genetic Development . 
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Kane ?
tr	PRES	 I assume that I have to agree before I can know about the technology you people are involved in ? """
tr	PRES	Always in heat , his Sonia .
tr	PRES	I shove forward , the ground beneath my feet pebbly , until I reach a gentle slope that leads to a narrow river .
tr	PRES	That I 'm nothing more than a stand-in for Logan while he and Skyla have some closet bond that brings them even closer .
tr	PRES	 Please wipe your feet . 
va	PRES	 He 's trying to kill Dr. Quickly ,  he moans .
tr	PRES	 I can 't let you starve ,  Delilah teased as if she had let him beat her to the prize once or twice .
tr	PRES	He stops looking at the sky and turns to Cal .
tr	PRES	My weight crushes the flower petals .
tr	PRES	" And generous too .
tr	PRES	And possibly Dean Finlay .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back as if she could reverse the flow of her tears .
tr	PRES	The General chews and spits some cigar at my feet and glances at me .
tr	PAST	 No , "" Bash yawned and closed his eyes adding , "" Go away . """
tr	PRES	"She remembers class , but not anything after she left . """
tr	PRES	The door opens and a nurse comes in bearing a glass of water on a tray .
va	PRES	"The Great Mother . """
tr	PRES	Well that explains where the reborn rage came from .
tr	PRES	The feel of his cheek against mine , his hands everywhere , his groan mingling with my own gasps transports me .
tr	PRES	 Now , you git home . 
tr	PRES	Wading through the mucky , green water , he quickly climbs the vines and finds a small chest resting at the top .
tr	PRES	" It ruined him , James .
tr	PAST	Not my mother , as I at first feared .
tr	PAST	A whisper of good hope lingered silently in my ears , assuring me of what was in front of me .
tr	PRES	His body language changes suddenly as he realizes he 's enraptured me with his intellect and charm .
tr	PRES	Sandra rested her head on his shoulder , her breaths swaying the hairs on his chest as he stared at the plaster nebulas on the ceiling .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	For not trusting her instincts when her gut screamed at her to cut and run and keep on running .
tr	PAST	She screeched again , and began climbing the wall .
tr	PRES	 I 'm glad that one of us does , "" Emma whispers ."
tr	PRES	 Somebody sent somebody flowers ,  Marco teased .
tr	PRES	But Brand was already running away , the woolen cloak fluttering the idol 's high pitched screams echoing through the winter air .
tr	PRES	"Walk until you can 't hear me anymore , then wait . """
tr	PRES	" The northern part curves just right .
tr	PAST	Her hands clutched at the straps , and I had a sudden impression she was holding her breath .
tr	PAST	Upon impact the crystal casing shattered , the mineral inside flared a brilliant white , and a tremendous explosion blasted the gate into kindling .
tr	PRES	He let her paw him , his chuckles escalating into guffaws .
tr	PRES	 She can 't , "" Cordelia whispers to herself , crossing her arms ."
tr	PRES	 You rejoice in her death ? 
te	PRES	He glares with hatred .
tr	PRES	Miriam padded off , starting to feel like a detective .
tr	PRES	 Please keep your insights relevant as much as that is possible , master scribe . 
te	PRES	We stroll toward the science wing .
tr	PRES	 Good gods ! 
tr	PRES	They raise their weapons , then begins the most furious fight I have seen in an age .
tr	PRES	She returns the smile .
tr	PRES	 Aren 't you going to unlock the door ? 
tr	PRES	He tries to stand up with me positioned on his lap , but he 's weak and his legs falter .
tr	PRES	You are lucky , actually , I almost mistook you for a dried up carrot .
tr	PRES	 The randy Devil ! 
tr	PRES	" This woman tends to bring those idiots swarming .
tr	PRES	Something stank on ice around this and I was determined to find out just what !
tr	PRES	Shark returns the stare honestly - he 's ready to die if the choice goes against him .
tr	PRES	 Hey , don 't blame this on me , sweetheart - "" Dougal broke in ."
va	PRES	He clears his throat a little too loudly .
tr	PRES	 Ms. Duncan ! 
va	PRES	He steals an idol from an old ruined temple and some creepy black monkeys chase after him trying to get it back .
tr	PRES	 I eat a perfectly fine diet , Mom ,  I mutter as the machine begins to hiss .
tr	PRES	Ed sees the markings on the man 's chest , confirming what he already knew .
te	PRES	"And then relay my observations to practically everyone . """
tr	PRES	Elaina snuck out first through the back courtyard , slipping into an alley to wait for Cade .
tr	PRES	 It suits you . 
tr	PRES	Julian snapped , his pleasure vanishing instantly .
va	PRES	The ragged sound of my breath fills the car as I choose my words .
tr	PRES	Jetta glances at her watch every few seconds .
va	PRES	He lets out a scoffing laugh that catches me off-guard .
tr	PRES	 Ahhh ... and you think I have a dirty mind . 
tr	PRES	" He owes Titian for Titian .
tr	PRES	 Just go for it , "" she whispers in my ear , tickling her finger up and down the back of my neck ."
tr	PRES	" No , I deserve to know .
te	PAST	His fingers stroked down her neck , making her pulse leap and her skin tingle .
te	PRES	Amusement laces his voice .
te	PAST	He always savored her .
te	PRES	Maggie peeled herself away and looked him in the eyes .
te	PAST	Rob 's blood still stained the snow .
te	PAST	 Ye take your bloody stallion and get out , "" Cameron bellowed ."
tr	PRES	' With hindsight , I screwed up . '
va	PRES	All about lay sleeping shapes .
tr	PRES	Like swords , muskets and older pistols .
tr	PRES	"If it 's Cassie , I punch Dean in the nose . """
tr	PRES	" To damage me , to distract me .
tr	PRES	Alligator tears slowly dripping down his red cheeks .
tr	PAST	As she pulled out her cell phone , she related what had happened at the ghost town , going into as exacting detail as she could .
tr	PRES	She glances back at Ellis .
tr	PAST	Within the hour , she received a second email requesting her to visit San Francisco the following day .
tr	PRES	 Their evil knows no limits , "" I snap ."
tr	PRES	Looking up , he sees red glowing eyes about five feet away in the shadows of the tree branches .
tr	PRES	"Do you think that it should be you , Herr 'D on , to lead the armies against the Black Bastion ? """
tr	PRES	As if he didn 't have more pressing matters to attend to .
te	PRES	I recall it as one of the great horrible moments of childhood .
tr	PRES	 Your favorite student . 
tr	PRES	His face was solemn , his steel eyes watery .
va	PRES	" Come on , Love .
tr	PAST	You saw something down there that changed your mind ,  Bridgett accused narrowing her gaze ."
te	PRES	 Big customer . 
tr	PRES	 Not if they all arrive at once . 
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , your theory matches evidence we found in the ice caves .
tr	PRES	 I 'm sorry , "" I murmur into the phone ."
tr	PRES	" Who are --  she begins to ask , but then recognizes me and changes her tune : "" oh it 's you ."
va	PRES	"That explains the dark rings under your eyes . """
tr	PRES	" Or , well , she likes the idea of you .
tr	PAST	Her face was turned up toward his , her soft mouth curved with laughter , in no way intimidated by him .
tr	PAST	I squinted and read a few more paragraphs .
tr	PRES	 Minister Drake ! """
tr	PRES	 Your highness ? 
va	PRES	 Kiss her better then , jackass . 
tr	PRES	He knows that and he looks at me sadly , his hands limp in his lap .
tr	PRES	Yet , subtly caring and concerned for the well-being of others .
te	PRES	 No worries , Soph ,  he whispered in my ear , soothing me almost immediately .
tr	PRES	When the petals were consumed he slipped a blindfold of soft petals woven together around her head , the fragrance heady with passion .
tr	PRES	The rain drums down on the metal roof .
tr	PRES	He nods to his car .
tr	PRES	His smile flashes in the gathering dark as his eyebrows lift , but he climbs carefully in as I lock my bedroom door .
tr	PRES	Brick mumbled his response before falling flat on his back twenty feet from his bald peer .
tr	PRES	 But what if someone sees us leaving town together ? 
tr	PRES	Even so , I mourn the destruction of the valley , seeing how destitute it has become .
tr	PRES	 No Zane ? 
tr	PRES	My head falls to the side uncontrollably as his palm moves over my breast just outside of my bra .
va	PRES	 New drapes ? 
tr	PRES	 You found her ,  Painter mumbled .
tr	PRES	 Neil Turner ? 
va	PRES	Liam danced aside just fast enough to avoid the splash .
tr	PRES	Then he crushed them beneath his chest , her lips beneath his , rubbing , thrusting , maddening .
tr	PRES	He glares at Erin .
tr	PRES	 Not really , so long as it tastes good . 
tr	PRES	The knowledge You now possess marks You for prompt execution .
tr	PRES	 Or wench if you want to be slapped . 
tr	PRES	 A blushing pirate ? 
tr	PRES	My energy fades as I realize that 's exactly what he is doing .
tr	PRES	A twinge of panic hits me .
tr	PRES	Sis ' Shirley , on the other side of him , keeps moaning and gasping with a trembling hand on Adam 's legs .
tr	PRES	 There were things going on between you and me , too ,  I snap .
tr	PRES	At home that evening after a fun time playing fetch she made a big salad and added goodies .
tr	PRES	' Blake , ' I protest .
tr	PRES	' Thought you would , ' she teased .
tr	PRES	Then he puts his hand out for the nurse to lead him into the testing station .
tr	PRES	Most newcomers bide their time .
tr	PRES	She likes mushy stuff and gets all bent out of shape if there 's an explosion or anything .
tr	PRES	 Sure , ' bye now . 
tr	PRES	I swim to the other end , where the water gets darker and deeper , then push off and glide onto my back .
tr	PRES	The Wes lookalike jumps between us .
te	PRES	 And Aunty Robin and Uncle Leo ? 
va	PRES	He spat blood out at me and I held his arms down .
va	PRES	" Oh , whatever , come on , Ada .
tr	PRES	She reaches forward and turns the radio down .
tr	PRES	 The casket ? """
te	PRES	The nausea returns and I close my eyes and let go .
tr	PRES	" Go wash that off before someone sees it 's human blood .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , suddenly nauseated .
tr	PRES	Can you fix this , Ewan ? "
tr	PRES	 This place creeps me out . 
tr	PRES	 I did ,  she murmurs as if she 's wondering what he 's getting at .
va	PRES	 I do ,  Stacey exclaimed , eyes wide .
tr	PRES	 Well , you now know why she is called the ' Island Warrior ,  ' Jaimie states as she looks in her direction .
tr	PRES	She stops several inches from me and I see that she 's quite tall and quite stunning .
tr	PRES	So before either of us can say anything I lean forward and press my lips to his .
tr	PRES	She glances up , the dark liner having run under her eyes as if she hadn 't bothered to wash it off the night before .
tr	PRES	 I assume we 're going after that person spreading around pictures of you ? 
tr	PRES	Nora purses her lips and nods slowly .
tr	PRES	But hey , Emerson 's eighteen now , and has the ID to prove it .
tr	PRES	The Chancellor clears his throat , suddenly sounding like a businessman again .
va	PRES	 Come on , Mitch . 
tr	PRES	Food first , ominous Italians second .
tr	PRES	Chris hugs and kisses you even more than he does me .
tr	PRES	 Does the curse extend to you ? 
tr	PRES	 Telling her she belongs to you when you haven 't even bed her yet is always a bad idea . 
tr	PRES	" We sing these unaccompanied , the breath through our throats like the wind in the sails of the ship .
tr	PAST	Daniel herds his son out the door .
tr	PRES	 Grandpa ... I ... Jesus ! """
tr	PRES	She likes to look at the moon too .
tr	PRES	 This is useless ,  Mr. Quintanilla states .
te	PRES	" None of that changes whether or not I like my project , though .
tr	PAST	 Yeah , "" I lied ."
tr	PRES	 Including Ares and Hephaestus . 
te	PRES	"With their new captain , Kendall Russo . """
tr	PRES	But ... perhaps ... Perhaps what he felt wasn 't lust at all .
tr	PRES	" More beautiful than ever - and with a sensible hair ornament .
tr	PRES	Cracking one eye to look at me , he murmurs .
tr	PAST	Children , knowing no better , bounced on the cots and played with broken toys and forgotten boxes .
tr	PRES	The king sighs , leaning back in his throne and rubbing his temples .
tr	PAST	 Your daddy liked math , "" the man rumbled from behind her ."
tr	PRES	Quickly , he flips me over so I 'm facedown and yanks my hands above my head .
tr	PRES	"In her sleep , she mumbled , "" I see her . """
va	PRES	My father embraces her .
tr	PRES	 And the longer it takes , the more he pays . 
tr	PRES	She sees that there is only one way to achieve what she wants .
va	PRES	She winks , confirming it .
tr	PRES	Seconds later , his phone buzzes , and his secretary relays a message .
tr	PRES	 You healed . 
va	PRES	" Abigail , you are ...  "" Abby ."
tr	PRES	"Now her words threaten everything we worked for . """
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PRES	All thoughts of Kacey 's body vanish .
tr	PRES	A big part of the plan falls upon your shoulders .
tr	PRES	 Come on , the entrance should be up there somewhere , "" she points out , referring to the cliff overhead ."
te	PRES	They hesitate but stand their ground .
te	PRES	That sick sixth sense continues to rattle around in my brain .
tr	PRES	"He chokes out the answer , barely audible : "" My life . """
tr	PRES	" Will you feed me ?
tr	PAST	As he bent forward to take off his shoes , she unbuttoned her shirt and removed it .
tr	PAST	He eyed my naked body up and down , anger making his jaw clench .
tr	PRES	She laughs and grabs my hand , then stands up .
tr	PAST	Antonia gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , suddenly wide awake and alert .
tr	PRES	 Soon , "" Ricky whispers ."
tr	PRES	 What an idiot ...  Jane and David glanced his way .
tr	PRES	He uses one hand to push my bed frame back to my side of the space .
te	PRES	Travis stands up , too .
tr	PRES	After a while , he realizes that everyone is watching him .
tr	PRES	On page eighty of the relationship manual , it clearly states you cannot look at another man 's backside , especially if you think it 's great .
tr	PRES	Coach talks about our goal of winning a state championship .
tr	PRES	Another moment passes before the girl finally calms down , stands up , and hauls me to my feet .
te	PRES	 ... and it was you who covered our honeymoon suite in tulips ! 
va	PRES	I defy you to eat some of everything ! '
tr	PRES	I simply exist and do my duty toward our people .
tr	PRES	My grandchildren adore them .
tr	PRES	 It helps that she 's beautiful and sexy . 
va	PRES	She points at the ring of small love bites that circles my collarbone .
va	PRES	Marcus leans in and I 'm debating whether or not to toss the water on him when Jack appears in the doorway .
tr	PRES	" Listen , neither one of us likes the idea of terminating this pregnancy , but we have to look at it from all angles .
tr	PAST	Markman eyed the tube rider .
tr	PAST	 Not another word , "" Howard chided , making a shooing motion with his hands ."
tr	PRES	He angrily spit on the floor with disgust , like just the thought of him made him sick .
tr	PRES	"With a stubborn shake of my head , I mutter , "" Not a chance . """
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms wide .
tr	PRES	He sees the future .
te	PRES	" I dyed it to cover up the gray .
tr	PAST	Steering with his knee , he whipped his T-shirt over his head .
tr	PRES	 Who else uses them besides that ? """
tr	PRES	The shock , even more than the pain , wakes me up , kicks my body into motion .
tr	PRES	"Never mind why , Summer . """
tr	PRES	"Her gall bladder appears to be acutely swollen and is causing an obstruction . """
tr	PRES	He leaned forward , his forearms resting on his thighs .
tr	PRES	 How to bring him into manhood ? 
tr	PRES	Now and again , a sword or a shield flashes as it catches the amber light .
tr	PRES	 To send these ignorant souls abroad with mad lies ! 
tr	PRES	" I prefer nectar of oranges .
va	PRES	When I thanked Edmund for the scabbard , he colored and asked ,  How did you know ? """
va	PRES	 Torres likes to know everything , especially when it involves a murder victim . 
tr	PRES	Personally , the idea of having all of the most dangerous paranormals in one small place ... um , yeah , that idea terrified Holly .
tr	PRES	"And of course neutral . """
tr	PRES	My conversation with Max rushes back in , and I 'm embarrassed .
tr	PRES	He loves everybody , democratically , in fact relentlessly .
tr	PRES	 New witch ? 
va	PRES	He placed the box beside him and crossed his arms , resting them on a stomach that strained the buttons on his extra large shirt .
tr	PRES	After , she draws up even more .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Benjamin pushes to his feet where he 's sitting next to me .
te	PRES	And it nearly crushed her to admit defeat .
tr	PRES	' Do vampires exist ? '
tr	PRES	He frowns , growing angry .
tr	PRES	She still sits in the driver 's seat with both hands on the wheel .
tr	PRES	 South Africa . 
te	PRES	Gus stands , his chair scraping the kitchen floor so loudly Julian covers his ears .
tr	PRES	 Soviet submarine reconnaissance ? 
tr	PRES	 That saint and I are related . 
tr	PRES	Mason points at him .
tr	PRES	But then the beam of her favorite flashlight shone across the ornate desk , and Kat knew what she had to do .
tr	PRES	 I Love the way your hair feels like satin . 
tr	PRES	I stopped as they both remained silent , exchanged glares with each other .
tr	PRES	 Well , I assume you are going to live . 
tr	PRES	* * * Blue lay face down on the ground , near the burning remains of the Jeep .
tr	PRES	Ryland sees someone coming towards us in the smoke .
va	PRES	My thighs twitch as I release his shaft .
tr	PRES	 But the Shadow ! 
va	PRES	 You ok ? 
tr	PRES	"Comes by Earth on its way around the Sun once every seventy-five years or so . """
tr	PRES	 We were trying out some designs ,  I stumble to say .
tr	PRES	"Push away your family 's silly legends , and let 's go see what condition it 's in . """
tr	PRES	These woods are not like the forests you hike around in Missouri .
te	PRES	Tiny cactus spines prick my skin .
tr	PRES	Away , away , Away .
te	PRES	Jez rolls backwards and helps me from the deer , the fresh mountain air brings back the awful stench of decay as we emerge .
tr	PRES	Finally , I rip my gaze off the blood on the carpet and go back into my room .
tr	PRES	I du n no .
tr	PRES	 Should I assume Tyler ran into it ? 
tr	PRES	But that describes neither Miss Gray nor yourself .
tr	PRES	 I guess now I can drink from Cade without having to worry about kil ing him ,  I teased , only partial y in jest .
tr	PRES	His voice echoes over to where I stand in a stupid trance ... glaring at the rain .
tr	PRES	 Sorry , Preston ,  mumbled Joe , looking sheepish .
tr	PRES	They , ll pump him full of lead the way they did Bonnie and Clyde .
tr	PRES	She slides the cabinet doors open and pokes around inside it , her bun bobbing up and down lightly as she hunts .
tr	PRES	... No , you moron , she 's got the truck .
tr	PRES	An acrid burning smell fills the air , inescapable .
tr	PRES	Night falls and we keep on running .
tr	PRES	 I heard the blasts ,  he explains .
va	PRES	She holds up a hand in panicked frustration , like she doesn 't want to hear any more , and I feel terrible .
te	PRES	He parks in the same parking spot .
tr	PRES	Gwendolyn slides along the deck and impacts a support beam painfully , while her more experienced enemy find ways to stabilize themselves and hang on .
tr	PRES	"FAITH Nichiren states ; "" Thus faith is the basic requirement for entering the way of the Buddha ."
tr	PRES	Edward hisses out a breath .
tr	PRES	" And yes , brat .
tr	PRES	She even lets me have wine with dinner every now and then .
tr	PRES	I volunteer to go first .
tr	PAST	Not even if she were treated as a prized pet and given anything she ever desired in exchange for the blood she provided .
tr	PRES	 Show Woods some respect !"
tr	PRES	The sun filters through the windows and bathes me in warmth .
tr	PRES	Kai stands before one door and March stands before the other .
tr	PRES	Before I can take a breath , the door bursts open and Andrew is on Jonathan .
va	PRES	He chuckles then pats my shoulders as if to say my back is now free of dirt .
va	PRES	She tries , oh , Gene can be proud of how hard Gretel tries to keep her balance .
va	PRES	Nothing abnormal about my sister .
tr	PRES	It saves a lot of walking time for those who don 't own any traveling vehicles .
tr	PRES	Taking a break from her search , she gazes out at the ocean , still becoming acquainted with her new environment .
te	PRES	 Oh , it  s you , Commander Vimes , sir .
tr	PRES	Dear gods , but he was gorgeous .
tr	PRES	' Maybe tidy the grave up . '
va	PRES	" Nathan adores her .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down my face as I flayed my own hand to the bones .
va	PAST	Willow winced at the pain in the voice .
va	PAST	 I 'm sorry , "" Franz grumbled , not looking at him at all ."
tr	PRES	I estimate that three flights a month per shuttle are possible within twelve months .
tr	PRES	 How delightful it is to see you again , Miss Smith ! 
tr	PRES	I jerk myself back .
tr	PRES	Then when he bared his heart to her , she probably crushed it .
tr	PRES	Like me , he likes tidy conclusions , tidy reports ; he abhors loose ends and doesn 't always appreciate having to treasure his exceptions .
tr	PRES	 Fuck , Syd ,  he mumbled , as he tangled his fingers tightly in my hair .
te	PRES	With a carefree chuckle , the skull kid hops away from the chain and around the trunk before shoving this tree over just as the one before .
tr	PRES	It explains gravity as the action of tightly bundled strings ( as opposed to point particles ) that are so small that they can never be seen .
tr	PRES	Someone who doesn 't belong with them .
tr	PRES	"Dr Soames , will you help me ? """
tr	PRES	 You are whipped cream ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks beneath each slow step I take .
tr	PRES	 Please tell me you aren 't asking me to hire one of your temporary bimbos to plan my wedding ,  Erica begged with a groan .
tr	PRES	" Since a police officer was in the room this morning , I assume local officials are aware .
tr	PAST	I exhale , tossing my arms in fury .
tr	PRES	Finally she stops trying to wipe the tears away and lets them pour out as her hands fall to her sides .
tr	PAST	 I quit my job . """
tr	PRES	' Not after the welcome ye received from me and me dogs , eh ? '
tr	PRES	 Because ,  Razia mumbled .
tr	PRES	She wove her fingers into his damp curls , and she was gone .
tr	PRES	He chews on his lip briefly and then places his hand against my forehead .
tr	PRES	I mistook a sexual attraction for the real thing .
tr	PRES	He cups my chin .
tr	PRES	Whatever concerns you have .
va	PRES	 Well that explains why you didn 't answer my texts and calls . 
tr	PRES	I unlock the door , and the two girls waiting outside narrow their eyes when they see me .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of me with her arms folded .
tr	PRES	 Such a fighter . 
tr	PRES	I belong to you .
tr	PRES	 Emma Mason ? 
tr	PRES	Here you arrive from the road of reminiscence , from the clutches of the past .
tr	PRES	 Well , it appears this note is for you , John . 
tr	PRES	" You 're hired , Jess .
tr	PRES	When my body won 't crave his touch .
tr	PAST	I perceived , as the shape came nearer ( sight tremendous and abhorred ! )
tr	PRES	His fur shone in the sliver of moonlight , glinting black , then blue , then black again .
tr	PRES	They continued on , Jace speechless in incomprehension .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken as they elevate to me .
tr	PRES	 The whole fuckin ' day . """
tr	PRES	 It stands for ' vilification . ' 
tr	PRES	And over so trivial a thing .
tr	PRES	This detective misses nothing , I thought , mentally patting myself on the back .
tr	PRES	' The necklace . '
tr	PRES	Doctor Jones glances up from his bacon sandwich with a cold stare .
tr	PRES	" Lord Rawlings , please ...  "" You never used to call me Lord Rawlings ."
te	PRES	My phone vibrates and my finger trembles as I awaken the screen .
va	PRES	The spirit shimmers then falls in shattered slivers to the ground in front of Roland .
tr	PRES	"She wishes you the best and can 't wait to meet you . """
tr	PRES	She snuck in a jab to his chin .
tr	PRES	"The helicopter brings them out once a week . """
tr	PRES	She rolls her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Well , shit , Tam .
tr	PAST	She accompanied her words with expressive eye movements .
tr	PAST	Paul slapped his head .
tr	PRES	' Mr Briggs . '
tr	PAST	The man extended his hand .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the bloody cleaning rag under the bath tap and wrung it out over the drain .
tr	PRES	Sean 's touch changes and sends a surge of lust shooting through my veins .
tr	PRES	Slow motion highlights replayed on the screen , holding their attention for a moment .
tr	PAST	 Because she stole it . """
tr	PRES	" Now , when an object goes faster , time on that object passes slower .
tr	PRES	She gazes out the window at the snow and then looks at me .
tr	PRES	 I feel like shit , "" I mutter , managing to get my hand up to my face to rub my eyes ."
tr	PRES	He handcuffed all three of them and squeezed them in the backseat .
tr	PRES	Jackson stands and offers me his hand .
va	PRES	Small pots of fake cacti decorate every table and bottles of tequila are splayed in racks all over the walls ; each one matted with cobwebs .
tr	PRES	"Oh God , it hurts ... "" his head rolled backward ."
tr	PRES	Buzzing fills my head as I continue to scream her name .
tr	PRES	 You ever threaten one of my sons again and I will see you dead , tiger . 
tr	PRES	Once it 's open they waste no time in pushing me over the threshold .
tr	PRES	 Death Walkers . 
tr	PRES	Perhaps he even loves me -- -- and I love him too , but as a friend .
te	PRES	As I am placing the envelope back into my pocket , one of the tents opens .
tr	PRES	On impulse , before I can think the better of it , I lean forward and kiss him .
tr	PRES	That left me with my father and the two vampires who continued to hold the massive front doors open , their faces expressionless .
tr	PRES	 What brings you to Paragon ? 
tr	PRES	Once fully inside the cylinder , the machine stops .
tr	PRES	Eva whispers something again before releasing Andrew , She touches my arm .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us .
tr	PRES	 The palace ? 
tr	PRES	 I don 't like this ,  I protest even though I know it will fall on deaf ears .
tr	PRES	 A lawyer . 
tr	PRES	 So ...  Sergio smirked .
tr	PRES	At first subtle , but growing more distinct , a thumping vibration rises under the stranger 's feet .
tr	PRES	Julie stops eating and looks at the bottle .
tr	PRES	The sobs burst forth , my shoulders shaking , my ribs rattling .
tr	PRES	Mason snaps , yanking me around to face him .
te	PRES	" That ring grants immortality to any mortal , and they prefer to keep their mortals mortal .
tr	PRES	A little plain , but it fits . "
tr	PRES	May her beauty bloom , showing all the colors of her heart , May her beauty shade and hide us from all harm .
te	PRES	Sarah slumped forward , her shoulders limp .
tr	PRES	The moment the kiss connects , my brain melts .
tr	PRES	 So what brings you out here , Kathy ? 
tr	PRES	"If I could punch you right now I. . . """
tr	PRES	"Only been dating her after she graduated , eh ? """
va	PRES	She reaches out and puts her hand on my arm , soft .
te	PRES	"Very picturesque - particularly now that they 've doubled the height of the walls . """
te	PRES	Jim returns with a fresh coffee and digs into the cereal , toast and bacon .
tr	PRES	While he stands in power , England suffers .
va	PRES	It helps at least that I know they don 't want me dead but I can 't fight them all , not this time .
va	PRES	" Nothing as grand as the Anderton place , but all in the one to two hundred thousand range .
tr	PAST	And just like that , she was on her feet , her wings outstretched .
tr	PRES	 No one for at least a mile , "" he replied , "" and probably not beyond that either . """
tr	PRES	 Two words : Fort Thompson . 
va	PRES	"Gregor translated that in his head to mean "" chosen to give them life . """
tr	PRES	" Not a prayer .
tr	PRES	 She 's confused , "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	The din rises , tearing my and Emerson 's attention away from each other .
tr	PRES	He begins to stack a fresh batch around the flames , poking angrily at the fire with a long gnarled branch .
tr	PRES	Sam 's voice brings her back to the point .
tr	PRES	" This brings me to motive .
tr	PAST	 When you say leader of the Reapers , do you mean the one that used to own that necklace you stole from me ? """
tr	PRES	 Haven 't seen him , Coach . 
tr	PRES	" And this Mrs. Francis , she 's not on The List correct ?
tr	PAST	I twirled his grey chest hairs between my fingers .
tr	PAST	He washed the dishes before he ran out of cups , which Greg had never understood .
tr	PAST	A dirty feather duster on four legs bounced feverishly about his bare ankles .
tr	PAST	She eyed the bench and , for the first time , noticed that the way the Council was arranged seemed ... unbalanced .
tr	PAST	As they were in an elevated spot , a beautiful panorama now unfolded before their eyes , allowing them to see for miles off in the distance .
tr	PRES	 That pretty much sums it up . """
va	PRES	" Dad never opens on Sundays .
tr	PAST	At first , other Muslims doubted his commitment when they saw him .
tr	PRES	 Just a precaution . """
tr	PRES	Dove 's ears swivel to follow an invisible signal on the other side of the wall .
tr	PRES	Satisfaction and regret mingle in my heart , but I refuse to turn back .
tr	PRES	No one falls to their death if they 're inside a building .
tr	PRES	I yell from the bed .
va	PRES	" Turns out that First National stores two months of their security footage and dumps it to a remote server every night .
tr	PRES	 Holy fuck . """
tr	PRES	I lean back , and grass tickles my neck .
tr	PRES	The split between what I imagined and what I now see throws me into a kind of tailspin ; I don 't know what to think .
tr	PRES	' The courier in me begs to differ . '
tr	PRES	A guy around my age glances up from his cards and then takes a sip of his drink .
tr	PRES	 My sister-in-law . 
tr	PRES	I froze , absolutely still , and then exhaled when I recognized the sound of Grace 's breathing .
tr	PRES	She stops talking and the world around me stops , very , very slowly .
tr	PRES	' In the nick of time ! '
tr	PRES	"He only listens to her . """
va	PRES	 Please , stop ,  she chuckles , unwinding in the presence of her trusted guard .
va	PRES	Her death weighs on me with untold heaviness .
va	PRES	He tries not to look at Lisa 's lifeless body on the deck .
tr	PRES	I mutter in a stupor .
va	PRES	"Always arrive fifteen minutes before time . """
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SIXTEEN It had taken Allan two months by pony and then birch bark canoe to reach York Factory on the lower end of Hudson 's Bay .
tr	PRES	Sonic shrieks echo in the distance , making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end .
tr	PRES	Her understanding , of what I was trying to do , shows me that I have done it .
tr	PRES	Two grueling back to back surgeries and several sutured wounds wipe me out .
tr	PRES	Prewitt stands beside her , frowning .
tr	PRES	 And finally our destination . 
tr	PRES	 You idiot ! 
tr	PRES	He absentmindedly reaches behind him and touches the spot on his back where I saw his wings sprout from .
va	PRES	Mitch stops next to me , his brows pulled down , and he 's leaning forward , trying to see my face .
tr	PRES	I dive when I have to , jump when I have to , take risks when I have to .
tr	PRES	" Please , your highness .
tr	PAST	A bear charged out of the darkness straight for the side of the jeep .
tr	PRES	Of course I will let you explain yourself , King Ignis , but only because you apparently have some courage left in your old veins .
tr	PAST	A few of the other girls circled around us and nodded their heads .
tr	PAST	Stupid tears pricked the backs of her eyes .
tr	PRES	Flynn looks at me , his face still expressionless .
tr	PRES	Although I suppose it helps that your expectations were pretty darn low to start with . "
tr	PRES	Accepting those soft , tender kisses , when she knew that -- yet again -- her shadowy past had come back to tease them .
te	PRES	"Just white magic and nature worship . """
tr	PRES	Enrico mumbled something that was a mix between a ' thanks ' and ' I deserve it ' .
tr	PRES	' Orange juice . '
te	PRES	 Maybe he just got lucky ,  Sarah whispers .
tr	PRES	His hand tenses on my leg .
tr	PRES	 Take care of him lass , he 's worth it and he 's lucky to have such a fine girl as you . 
te	PRES	He puts the cap back on the bottle .
tr	PRES	" And no negative comments , ever .
tr	PRES	 Boarding parties or kamikaze ? """
tr	PRES	He mumbled something that made me think he was dead , who knows .
tr	PRES	 No offense , but you don 't . 
tr	PRES	Finney touches his hat and is gone as well .
tr	PRES	"Jealous 'cause you couldn 't kiss our sweet sister ? """
te	PRES	Broken heart , boring life , treason .
tr	PRES	Ha , ha , ha ... hee , hee , hee ... The small bird choked from the rapture of his mastery .
tr	PRES	She wishes you a good recovery , Jen .
tr	PRES	 How drunk ? 
tr	PRES	Thirty seconds later , my phone buzzes again .
tr	PRES	And then the boarding ramp on the ship begins to unfold .
va	PRES	"Completely mesmerized Snow Flower states , "" I love how the rising sun looks so big here . """
te	PRES	 No worries , Garrett ,  she told him , keeping her voice light in spite of the knot of pain clogging her throat .
va	PRES	Rex sticks with me without a word as we hurry down the hall to our platform .
tr	PRES	" And discover if you are as soft and wet as you appear ?
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around his waist , pulling myself toward him .
tr	PRES	With all my might , I pump the ground swell into my demon and smell the burning around me .
tr	PAST	Stalls set up in propitious locations provided goods and services .
tr	PRES	Somewhere in the darker parts of me , I crave destruction , as long as it is Erudite being destroyed .
tr	PAST	I had inched over to the staircase and was just about to step down on the first step when another light came on below .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , glancing past his airplane to the field , where Molly stretched tall to hang a banner on the upright poles .
tr	PAST	 You scored perfectly ."
tr	PRES	But just as he felt the need to squeeze her even tighter , something disturbed them .
va	PRES	 It 's Miss Jennie did it herself ,  Mavis bursts out .
te	PRES	"And bubble bath . """
tr	PRES	she whispers , yawning .
tr	PRES	Of course , I assume that not every place is like this .
te	PRES	Maryanne flashes up on the screen .
tr	PRES	 Don 't ,  I begged .
tr	PRES	 I love that sentiment ,  I manage to say and I 'm only vaguely aware that I sound a bit breathy .
tr	PRES	 Tell me the name ,  Enzo murmurs .
tr	PRES	 We 'll catch up ,  Gage shouts over at Marshall .
tr	PRES	Lucy opens the door quickly to let Dixie slide inside .
tr	PRES	In fact , I don  t hate him , I despise him .
tr	PRES	When the timer rings at noon , Andy lets out a funny noise of surprise .
va	PRES	Serena lets the back end of her trident drop so her weapon is now parallel with her body .
tr	PRES	He tastes like warmth and comfort , and feels like heat and bliss .
tr	PRES	" And one other thing ...  "" Mortals ... "" she muttered ."
tr	PRES	A small object rises from the floor and begins hovering .
tr	PRES	As the two officers confer with each other and talk into the walkie-talkies on their shoulders , the paramedics arrive , sans flashing lights and sirens .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Cass .
va	PRES	 Look here , one hundred and twenty years ago , reports of the plague being situated as far as Cairo ."
va	PRES	 Of course , Lexi . 
va	PRES	"If she remembers me at all . """
tr	PRES	" About an hour and a half before sunset .
tr	PRES	 Did you warn that fledgling you told me about that my dad was after him ? """
tr	PRES	 Because I wish not to relive it for a second , or a third , or a fourth , or you get the idea . 
tr	PRES	He throws a folded note at me .
tr	PRES	 Not that Link ,  she points out once her giggles have subsided .
tr	PRES	 You pig ! 
va	PRES	She padded toward her yard .
tr	PRES	 He hates everyone . 
tr	PRES	Some of the scientists nearby mumbled their congratulations and she acknowledged happily .
te	PRES	Knox begins ; quiet at first , then louder .
tr	PRES	Because he 'd been too much of a selfish jerk to look .
tr	PRES	She sees Brian emerging behind me .
tr	PRES	"Everyone buys from her . """
tr	PRES	She loves me and I know that , even if she has a hard time expressing her feelings .
tr	PRES	 Someone 's at the door ,  Elizabeth whispers .
tr	PRES	He hugs Nicholas , but I know from the way he glances at me that he was too late to help him .
tr	PRES	"What luscious raspberry and vanilla . """
tr	PRES	" Hi , please call me Carol .
tr	PAST	Perhaps his men acted without his direct orders , but Rand must take responsibility .
tr	PAST	Ideas churned over in my head .
tr	PRES	She reaches for her cell phone on the night stand .
tr	PRES	 What brings you to New York ? """
tr	PRES	"After several minutes of no riders getting on the bus , someone yelled out , "" Hit it !"
tr	PRES	 When I have some yogurt . 
tr	PRES	" Here lets go sign you out and then we will go see Esmeralda .
tr	PAST	Shelly supported him as they hurried away from the machine , toward the elevator .
tr	PRES	Your arm begs to differ , kid .
tr	PRES	 Oh , I du n no , quite well , I suppose ."
te	PRES	" ... some poor innocent policeman and his mother-in-law .
tr	PAST	The light of the small lamp highlighted the anxiety radiating from her pretty face .
tr	PRES	Cole clears his throat ,  I saw Lily , but she wasn 't with Mason ."
te	PRES	" I assume it 's wrapped .
tr	PAST	 Shit , "" Styx rasped , watching Cassandra crumple to the ground before he turned to glare at the Were standing silently at his side ."
tr	PRES	And as they first get to know you , they think , he sees things in black and white .
tr	PRES	" Like you tying me up this time ?
tr	PRES	 We can 't waste any more time , "" Eddie mutters ."
va	PRES	" It creates the programs like the one in your office so it won 't be bothered by organics like yourself and I .
va	PRES	This discussion will be of some length , I suspect . "
tr	PRES	" We surround ourselves with people that make us comfortable .
tr	PAST	The guard unclipped a phone from his belt .
tr	PRES	 You bin at 'em agen ."
tr	PRES	 Oh , here we go ,  the boy chuckles , rolling his eyes .
tr	PRES	 Fuck ,  he whispers but does it .
tr	PRES	The bus driver impatiently instructs the old woman to step behind the yellow line .
tr	PRES	 How many members ? 
tr	PRES	When Jude smiled everything good and kind and just shone through his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Shit ,  I mumbled as I flicked through the phone settings for a button that might revert the text back to "" unread . """
tr	PRES	Any joy on Monroe 's face quickly fades .
tr	PRES	 The glove ? 
tr	PRES	He stumbles back and hits the wall , sliding down .
tr	PRES	Air hisses through my gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	 Oh , stop it , T.  She blushes , slapping me across the shoulder but clearly flattered by my comment .
tr	PRES	" Adam likes that too ,  I offered and he shot me a "" too much information "" glance ."
tr	PRES	In her place was ... Satan .
va	PRES	"Carrie exclaimed , hooking her hands under her armpits , elbows out , flapping her "" wings . """
te	PRES	Chapter Fifteen The sun was hanging low in the sky , casting harsh glares on everyone in the car .
tr	PRES	 Your nickel . 
tr	PRES	 Captain , it is an honor as always ,  Lisa states simply .
tr	PRES	He stops in his tracks , hurt etched all over his face , but I 'm too consumed by my own grief to care .
tr	PRES	Ten meters , left flank .
tr	PRES	* * * I have a new project now .
tr	PRES	"Tilting his head to the side , he said , "" Follow me . """
tr	PRES	 The guy really hates you . 
tr	PRES	Then his voice changes from cold to understanding .
tr	PRES	This thought tickles me and a bubble of laughter rises to my throat .
te	PRES	You never forgave me for anything did you ?
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to the fact that your husband is waiting to see you .
tr	PRES	But it brings with it a great responsibility .
tr	PAST	One by one , they created space between us , until I was an island surrounded by gawking students .
tr	PRES	Energy blossoms on so many other worlds ,  he explains ."
tr	PRES	' Now , don 't put up a fight , please , it releases unpleasant chemicals into the bloodstream . '
tr	PRES	"Monday morning crew . """
tr	PRES	His gaze falls to my chest and heats to a sexy smolder .
va	PRES	 Can I assume you don 't like it ? 
tr	PRES	The guy hands Candy over to Zack who has to stagger back a few steps as he adjusts to the added weight of his sister .
tr	PRES	"If I ask , will you slap a knot anyway ? """
te	PRES	 I regard them as a pair of frauds . 
tr	PRES	"Can you swim ? """
tr	PRES	" Thanks for everything you 've done , Jade .
tr	PRES	 Every class "" Julianne 's tone is authoritative and so low , no one else probably hears ."
te	PRES	 If only I was still and young lad and free . 
tr	PRES	I mumbled as I let him drag me through the crowd .
tr	PRES	"President Shepherd signals in a Secret Service agent and asks , "" Is the Chief of Staff waiting to come in ? """
tr	PRES	But her eyes dart to the curtain .
te	PRES	In this story , a mother offers her son to Napoleon 's armies with disastrous consequences .
te	PRES	His appearance stops the fighting all together while everyone waits to hear what he has to say .
va	PRES	 They 're running late ,  she announces as she picks up a few fries from a basket between us .
tr	PRES	The warmth of the room also comforted her a bit .
tr	PRES	"He lacks the equipment to compete with most roofing businesses , but at least with a good pickup , he can haul the materials . """
tr	PRES	Every touch sends me higher and higher .
tr	PRES	Aimee gazes at me and tilts her head .
tr	PRES	No hugs or arm taps .
tr	PRES	 The Porsche . 
tr	PRES	Rachel allows me to open the door for her in the entrance and to my apartment .
te	PRES	 He never ceases to surprise me . 
te	PRES	 Your iPhone in here ? 
tr	PRES	My father wraps me into his strong arms .
tr	PRES	 My daughter ,  he breathes with a smile .
tr	PRES	A few ranch princesses , too .
tr	PRES	" Seven hundred and fifty dollars , going once , going twice , going -  "" Eight hundred dollars , "" Olivia shouted , startling Grace ."
tr	PRES	"They belong to the U.S. Army which belongs to the U.S. Government which is not you , sir ! """
tr	PRES	 Never mind ,  she mumbled .
va	PRES	How it must have sounded like raw marbled steak slapping down on a wood cutting board .
tr	PRES	" How awful for you and the rest of your family .
tr	PAST	I tensed at Jackson 's words but he just glanced at me and smiled .
tr	PRES	 And the winner is , "" he sings ."
tr	PRES	 Sex slave ? 
tr	PRES	 Later , Jes . 
tr	PRES	The clatter breaks the silence .
tr	PRES	 This may not be pretty ,  Ashe mumbled .
tr	PRES	He lets out a gruff as he begins to climb his way up .
tr	PRES	Plastic straps snap around his wrist and I jump at the sudden movement .
va	PRES	Brooke just shrugs again .
tr	PRES	The only good thing about a lingering illness lies in the fact that it prepares the family for the inevitable .
tr	PRES	She runs her hand against the smooth glass of the sun charm and thinks of picking it up and giving up .
tr	PRES	The air smells like gasoline .
tr	PRES	He reaches into one of the cubbies and pulls out a round piece of solid glass about the size of a ping-pong ball .
tr	PRES	Never forget , he mumbled to himself .
va	PRES	 Why don 't you just put the gun down , Carl ,  Peter begged .
tr	PRES	" We engage in politics because it is required of us .
tr	PAST	This acted as a pivot for the boat to come around and slap gently alongside the ship , bow pointing towards the bow .
tr	PAST	 I certainly enjoy the perks of our position , "" announced Schell having a drink and taking in the private snug ."
va	PRES	 Oh , if you please , mamma ! 
tr	PRES	"I am just a mere mortal , "" she teased ."
va	PRES	And reaches over and takes my hand .
va	PRES	"I cherish order , predictability , and routine , not the chaos and disorder that seem to surround you and yours . """
va	PRES	Dragon spit out an order to get a rope and tie me up .
tr	PRES	He pushes out the chair next to him for me and Reece sits next to Quinn .
tr	PRES	"This applies to both traveling back and to using the viewing system itself . """
va	PRES	Then , Lucas and his pack constantly being called to visit their elders , who didn 't respect Shadow Falls 's rules .
te	PRES	 How cliche . 
tr	PRES	 Did I scare you , Miss ? 
tr	PRES	 The Black Baron ? 
tr	PRES	Penny hates that smell , and now that I think about it , I do , too .
tr	PRES	 Dad ,  I warn .
va	PRES	She picks at her fingernails nervously .
tr	PRES	 Holy cow ! 
tr	PRES	His eyes darken as he welds our bodies back together .
tr	PRES	" Of course she matters .
va	PAST	 We won 't be starving , that 's for sure , "" Pasha noted , after examining the contents of their "" fridge . """
tr	PRES	" Try not to talk Darlin ' .
va	PRES	I perk up at the thought .
va	PRES	Her mouth quirks into a small smile .
va	PAST	Still in shock , her thoughts raced ahead to the family gathering planned for the next day .
va	PRES	 Sam , who was supposed to watch over the pack , huh ?"
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone defiantly .
tr	PRES	"Of poisoning your patient ? """
tr	PRES	He spits in the corner and resumes glaring at us .
tr	PRES	" What about Green ?
va	PAST	Another nurse peeked through the door and smiled .
va	PRES	He tilted his head as if remembering something .
va	PRES	 I prefer relationships ."
tr	PRES	One shoots him a glare and he returns it with equal animosity .
tr	PRES	This explains a lot .
tr	PRES	She repeats the answer I gave her .
tr	PRES	 What responsibilities ? 
tr	PRES	My heart hammers harder .
va	PRES	Nobody likes working there you miserable , bloated bag of shite ( oh , please make sure that one is aimed at Jeff ) .
tr	PRES	"Although he was very romantic in all those Doris Day movies . """
tr	PRES	He offers me a sympathetic smile .
tr	PRES	 Thank you for your efforts , Captain ,  Gray finally mumbled .
tr	PRES	I exhale then peek around the frame .
tr	PRES	 Like waves of pleasure , wherever your hand moves . 
tr	PRES	He buzzes me through the last door and the smell of mildewed tile seems like a reward after the night I 've had .
tr	PRES	 Hm  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	"Let me take care of you - "" He stopped , cursing softly ."
tr	PRES	"All that anger changes what you are , reserved "" - I opened my hands - "" and turns it into dour . """
tr	PRES	I yawn , stretching my arms above my head .
tr	PRES	 May your eggs rot if you betray me . 
tr	PRES	"She shakes her head , "" No ."
tr	PRES	" And everyone really likes him .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled with the memory .
tr	PRES	And it occurs to me that I might be meeting Tobias 's true faction .
tr	PAST	Holly stiffened at the unexpected question .
tr	PAST	It glowed in the orange light of the heat lamp .
tr	PAST	 I slapped the tar out of him . """
tr	PRES	Alex pats me softly on the back .
tr	PRES	 Bite him quick , Norm ! 
tr	PRES	He stands in the archway , parting his lips .
va	PRES	The woman scowls in return .
tr	PRES	" They worship the Darkness incarnate .
tr	PRES	His brow rises slightly , and his arms unfold .
tr	PAST	She slapped him on the arm .
tr	PAST	The animal nuzzled into my hand and I turned to smile at the others .
tr	PRES	So you rip them up and toss them skyward .
tr	PAST	Amara eyed him , smiling a little .
tr	PAST	 Excuse me for a minute , Jess , "" I mumbled , pulling my arm away ."
va	PRES	Secretly hoping he doesn 't want me to go , I mutter .
te	PRES	' No worries ! '
te	PRES	Says Greg angrily , mimicking Bruno 's tone .
tr	PRES	"Like 88 Fingers up there , he just plays piano forever . """
va	PRES	We teach the steps to the District 13 guests .
tr	PRES	 I cannot ever repay you ,  she whispers .
tr	PRES	"The Guardian "" Open the door or we 'll have to break in ! """
tr	PRES	He returns to his original position and snaps both his fingers twice .
tr	PRES	 He hates you . 
tr	PRES	Interior hallways connected everything , and the same room where they held assemblies doubled as an indoor cafeteria .
tr	PRES	- Walk around in giddy shock and then be called into my boss ' office for a meeting I forgot about .
tr	PRES	 And what about Laura ? 
tr	PRES	 Just this morning , everything was going so well ,  he mumbled .
te	PRES	Everything I asked , lies inside this letter .
tr	PRES	That fateful day a year and a half ago .
tr	PRES	 The cafe at the De Young Museum . 
va	PRES	Chapter Three Mary quickly grabs her purse and walks after the curly-haired man .
tr	PRES	"He carries a message from her grandfather . """
tr	PRES	 Sorry ,  Sophie mumbled .
tr	PRES	Beneath this canopy of incandescence the dark buildings swim upwards like black flames .
va	PRES	"It drives me crazy to think they 're going to complete whatever task it is alone . """
tr	PRES	 Giving up one 's life deserves supreme compensation . 
tr	PRES	"I suggest you get off them before we both get a golden shower . """
tr	PRES	" Oh , yeah , hi  I mutter "" Who the fuck is this ? """
tr	PRES	Intelligent , beautiful , caring .
tr	PRES	"Maybe some women dig men who have ice in their veins , but not us ! """
tr	PRES	Oh , he sees Monica , but that 's strictly a sexual thing .
tr	PRES	The door to the bathroom opens and we both stare at Rachel .
tr	PRES	"Cass likes to tease . """
tr	PRES	She wears a good disguise .
tr	PRES	 It pays to be aware of potential hazards . 
tr	PRES	"I detest the fact that the prince , along with everyone else , has abandoned him . """
te	PRES	The very passions you shun exist precisely so that men like you cannot thwart the work of the Almighty .
tr	PRES	" Lady ,  Mortimer grated through clenched teeth , "" you belong in Hell . """
tr	PRES	I instantly correct myself .
tr	PRES	 I don 't know , Mia ,  she sighs .
tr	PRES	He figures that with an inexperienced director , he can get away with murder .
va	PRES	" Same sauce for both ,  she answers , "" and yes , they 're loving it ."
tr	PRES	He hears me approaching and spins around to face me .
tr	PRES	Nathan was no slump in the body category either , his heavy muscles gleaming with sweat and suntan lotion .
va	PRES	Tiny anchors to the past .
tr	PRES	 Just a project for school . 
te	PRES	"So that kind of explains why no one ever brings it up . """
tr	PRES	She holds her breath and waits for the king to speak .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself toward me and presses one of my hands between his .
te	PRES	" I want you to put your hands behind your back , 'cause I 'm gon na undo your feet .
tr	PRES	 I bet you 've missed me , "" I retort with a smirk ."
te	PRES	The action begins in five minutes after the start , to give everyone time to get into their positions .
va	PRES	"He told me that Ginny 'd been in there to revise her will , "" Gabe explains , handing it to me ."
tr	PRES	"Cuts to the face and scalp bleed . """
tr	PRES	She tilted her face upward .
tr	PRES	Echo and I huddle unconsciously close together .
tr	PRES	The car scrapes along a water pipe but we squeeze through and skid into a broad street lined with tall trees .
te	PRES	 Thanks ,  I said , beaming .
tr	PRES	"But Leo -- "" "" No , "" Lily said ."
tr	PRES	 Shit ,  I mutter .
tr	PRES	" They feed it us .
tr	PAST	He stiffened his shoulders .
tr	PRES	 What kind of talents ? """
te	PRES	My back bows up into him as I relish the feel of his tongue on mine .
te	PRES	" Because you 're going to end up just like this poor , useless window , Paige !
tr	PAST	Abbott motioned me through an archway to the kitchen , where the wallpaper had daisies and the appliances hadn 't been updated since the ' 50s .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , not believing what he had just witnessed , from a kid with no legs .
tr	PRES	Four hours later , she returns , and in the darkness she slowly , methodically hauls the treasure into her apartment and hides it under her bed .
tr	PAST	 A hand eh , don 't you mean a foot ? """
tr	PRES	" It isn 't natural , the way you live , Savannah .
tr	PRES	 And me , Mac Mackenzie . """
tr	PRES	"I 've got five weeks , five days of death glares left . """
tr	PRES	She whispers something to Skyla before they head out .
tr	PRES	' My friend Timothy .
tr	PRES	 But Mrs. Beaumont loves him , I know that she does . 
va	PRES	 Yes ,  he responds .
tr	PRES	He carries your backpack for you .
tr	PRES	"Nothing unusual down there . """
te	PRES	 I wish I was there ,  Emma mumbled .
va	PRES	 Unless you do intend to give her immortality ? 
tr	PRES	Miranda plays in the background with a doll and becomes progressively louder and more intrusive .
tr	PRES	Trick stands perfectly still and waits .
va	PRES	 Happy New Year ,  Kayden whispers underneath his breath as fireworks boom and drift to the water in front of us .
tr	PRES	"Would you prefer the bed or couch in the family room ? """
tr	PRES	 If the shoe fits . 
tr	PRES	As the cargo is carried into the doorway , the medicine man himself emerges from it .
tr	PRES	He holds me securely against him , his arms strong and his grip firm , as if he 's never going to let me go .
te	PRES	Nora bellows , and drains her glass .
tr	PRES	' What about the stars Elle ?
tr	PRES	Studying it carefully , Link sees that it strongly resembles him , as if he were looking into an altered mirror .
va	PRES	 Yes , my second mother ,  I teased .
tr	PRES	 Not a big Kirsten fan ? 
tr	PRES	His eyes widen as he fights back his sobs .
tr	PRES	He stands by the table , across from me .
tr	PRES	"Or so he tells me . """
tr	PRES	Shifting again , Anthony grabs Peter and rips his hand from Andrew 's wrist and he is pleading with Peter .
tr	PRES	"I guarantee it . """
tr	PRES	Without remorse or hesitation he tests them .
tr	PRES	 Ms. Morgan . 
tr	PRES	A phone ringing far away .
va	PRES	He reaches for my arm .
tr	PRES	"We 've got a wedding to plan , babe , "" Jon explains , finishing with a wink ."
tr	PRES	"' ' I du n no . """
te	PRES	He pushes off of the wall , pivots on his heel , and pushes a string of digits into a keypad .
tr	PRES	The asphalt digs into my back as I squirm under the car and start looking for something to tamper with .
tr	PRES	When she sees him staring at me , she taps his hand .
tr	PRES	I cal ed to the others .
tr	PRES	She sees a man in a black suit , who doesn 't look like a member of the press .
tr	PRES	Amory whispered , clearly enraged .
tr	PRES	" Your dad loves you and Cori .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER FIFTEEN  YOU DID WHAT ? """
tr	PRES	I fold into him and inhale .
tr	PRES	 Master ,  Juni murmurs , nodding sharply at me .
tr	PRES	The world fades away and it 's just us , murmuring I love yous in between kisses .
te	PRES	She talks a good game , but I bet she 'll give in eventually .
tr	PRES	 In this blessed plot , this earth , this realm . 
tr	PRES	 I 'm going to get out of it ,  she mutters and then disappears into the closet , shutting the door .
tr	PRES	"Filthy blood drinkers . """
tr	PRES	She knelt on the ground and watched the still form of the beautiful beast before her .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , Si .
tr	PAST	Every one of them clutched a bottle of synthetic blood .
tr	PAST	All at once , a high-pitched giggle swirled down the corridor .
tr	PRES	 It is practical , but that doesn 't mean it 's right , "" I murmur ."
tr	PRES	Says Robert after a long and infectious yawn .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , I tend to do that sometimes when I get really intense . 
tr	PRES	As I knew my eyes were about to close for the last time , Emma 's face shone above me , smiling down at me .
tr	PRES	' You borrow my gear without a word of thanks ; then , you pull a stunt like that . '
va	PRES	" That explains it .
tr	PRES	He was momentarily taken aback , his dark eyes blinking up at her .
tr	PAST	 Every sketch you had drawn of that place proved to be incredibly accurate ."
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PAST	she hollered across to her friend .
tr	PAST	He immediately provided the map of the room for her .
tr	PAST	He reassured his mother the best he could .
tr	PAST	He hopped off the chair , flung his backpack over his shoulder , and headed for the door .
tr	PAST	Simon clutched her closer to him , giving her what little comfort he could .
tr	PRES	Sam talks mostly about the future , probably because his past hasn 't been so good .
tr	PRES	The sense of routine helps .
tr	PAST	He flicked the pack of seeds .
tr	PAST	All the girls squealed and jostled for position .
tr	PRES	They sell them a lot cheaper that way , you know .
tr	PRES	But then , just as I am about to explode , he draws away , leaving a soft trail of kisses descending down my inner thigh .
tr	PAST	Mist still lingered , hanging like a veil around the rocks and muffling the sound of waves pounding the shingle .
tr	PRES	Did the Pack piss someone off ? "
tr	PRES	My lips crash into his and he welcomes it .
tr	PRES	Lila suddenly slams to a stop when we 're almost to the car .
va	PRES	" Now look what you have done , you idiot woman .
tr	PAST	Coincidence 's eyebrow singled out Motivation for attention .
tr	PAST	All of the suspects matched his description -- male , middling height , age and weight , greying brown hair .
tr	PRES	 Make it quick Wallace and don 't say anything about where you are . """
tr	PRES	At last he sits in the dirt next to me , his cheeks slick with tears .
va	PRES	I tuned it out and focused on Sawyer , focused on my peace .
tr	PRES	"Not like he sees you . """
tr	PRES	 Are you married , Commander ? 
va	PRES	 That rather depends on what Alexia has summoned us together to discuss . 
tr	PRES	 De Lange . 
tr	PRES	 Not everyone kills his opponent though . 
tr	PRES	 Look at this ,  he announces .
te	PRES	Curios sighs looking at the monsters .
tr	PRES	She quickly gathers her things .
tr	PRES	His next move surprises me ; he scoops me up and carries me over to our camp before setting me gently down on the ground .
va	PRES	I crash through the next doorway and stagger into the hall .
tr	PRES	The Templar shrugged and fished about his high col ar with one finger , final y pul ing out a chain that was around his neck .
tr	PRES	When you run , the beast likes to hunt .
tr	PRES	 Go away ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	She flashes a smile , knowing her comment has wounded him when he lowers his gaze .
te	PRES	 Though my mama tried to teach me better judgment . 
va	PRES	Wu Gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and serpents .
tr	PRES	Sandy brown hair , hazel eyes , dimples .
tr	PRES	Wildly curving , the jeep shone its lights on high stone walls that lined the path .
va	PRES	 Lira is quite intelligent , but you probably already knew that about her ,  Sapphire teased .
tr	PRES	"The one I - "" she coughed "" - healed . """
tr	PRES	"But aren 't Sunday nights for family ? """
tr	PRES	Jack drops my chin and walks past me to the refrigerator .
tr	PRES	Kent considers me , still grasping April 's hand .
va	PRES	He strikes three times in rapid succession .
te	PRES	" The pain danced on our tongues .
tr	PAST	The last time they 'd been around alcohol at the retirement party , Callie had skipped it as well .
tr	PRES	His relaxed posture , leaning back into the chair with his feet resting on the lower railing of the deck .
tr	PRES	Another person enters the fray .
tr	PRES	I pierce through my fingers hoping that nothing disgusting is going to happen .
tr	PRES	 But don 't engage ."
tr	PRES	 I fight for the patron of wisdom ,  Sheik announces , a golden light beginning to emanate from her form .
tr	PRES	It sends little electrical impulses up my spine .
tr	PRES	"Over the past two years , she "" d come to know Ronan slowly ."
tr	PRES	" One more to add to your collection , eh ?
tr	PRES	She tries to recall what happened the last few times a wolf came to her .
tr	PRES	 You have bodyguards . """
te	PRES	' Thanks , Billie , ' I mutter and wriggle closer to her .
te	PRES	 I permit no man to view my designs . 
tr	PRES	she screamed , her voice almost rattling the windows .
te	PRES	 I know ,  she admits .
tr	PRES	He snuck a glance down the top of a particularly buxom woman .
tr	PRES	 I assume you don 't mean the woman standing next to me , but the tart in the red lingerie . 
tr	PRES	She scans the side of the viewer window seeing the parallel neon blue of the river of time heading back towards the west like a divided roadway .
tr	PRES	 And not a single one of them wears clothes . 
tr	PRES	 What if she refuses ? 
va	PRES	" A Blood Bond , as you know causes the mind to experience things that are not real .
tr	PAST	He sobered and gave her a harsh stare .
tr	PAST	Walter smoked a cigarette .
tr	PRES	 State law allows only married couples to hire surrogates . """
tr	PRES	 Absolutely , positively sure . 
va	PRES	And pleasure it had been , the likes of which she 'd never experienced .
tr	PRES	He slides down more , raining kisses over my belly and hips and thighs before settling that sinful mouth just above the line of my underwear .
tr	PRES	I warn you ... it is not for the weak of heart .
te	PRES	she asked , her every feature as perfect as he remembered every night .
va	PRES	He leads the way toward the stairs , and I look at Pen .
tr	PRES	' So what brings you here today , Tom ? '
tr	PRES	He begins standing slowly .
te	PRES	It occurs to me that we don 't want callers while Constance is talking to us .
tr	PRES	" But admit it , Aston .
tr	PRES	One of the librarian ladies bangs the gavel again .
tr	PRES	The doctor begins shuffling around the room gathering tools and cloth and that dreaded saw readied to be used .
tr	PRES	Then he stops and takes a long deep breath .
tr	PRES	With her blond hair slicked back into a ponytail at the nape of her neck , Mom pops her head in with a glowing smile .
tr	PAST	He regarded the world beneath him .
tr	PAST	She anticipated the rush that came with their verbal sparring .
tr	PAST	 Um , excuse me , "" the secretary piped in ."
tr	PRES	"My feeling about a lie depends upon the liar , the occasion , and the reason . """
te	PRES	Institutes function like the embassies of mundane governments .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and stands , heading for the fridge .
tr	PRES	 Yes ,  the being replied , his voice half echo , half whisper .
tr	PRES	 Won 't you , Mistral ? 
te	PRES	The second his body falls against mine , I gasp .
tr	PRES	Everyone hears the story of Jesus .
tr	PRES	Smiles Tyr as a giant sword appears in his hand .
tr	PRES	" Seems to me that 's in the future for me and more of an immediate problem for you .
va	PRES	Pretty crappy breakfast . "
tr	PRES	 In my backpack . 
tr	PRES	If a tower breaks down , you repair the tower . '
tr	PRES	His hand travels down to his knee and his face twists in pain as he massages his kneecap .
tr	PRES	 Meara , you look fabulous ! 
tr	PRES	He frowns and tilts his head .
tr	PRES	The commander plucked a metal chair from the corner and straddled it , his arms resting along the back .
tr	PRES	The doorman lets us in and we take the elevator up to the penthouse , where her uncle is waiting when the doors open .
tr	PRES	Still , she tries .
tr	PRES	The deep amethyst flecks that were speckled through them shone brilliantly in the shadows of the store room .
tr	PRES	"He seats himself again and says , "" Seriously , I drove all night . """
tr	PRES	Then one day , I witnessed the live scenes .
tr	PRES	Along the left side of the next street , the buildings lean over each other making the small alley more like a rocky canyon .
va	PRES	She sniffs and wipes the tears off with her left hand .
tr	PRES	"Says it will ruin his reputation . """
tr	PRES	 Poor Mrs. Pritchett ,  murmurs Rosemary .
tr	PRES	A chair scrapes against the floor and I listen as feet begin pacing the room .
tr	PRES	" Then sings my soul ...  Everyone stood and joined Judy in the chorus , "" How great thou Art , How great thou Art . """
tr	PRES	" Damn you Grey ,  I admonished , "" how the hell could you let it get this far ? """
te	PRES	 You 'll take the photographs ,  she whispers .
tr	PRES	Corinne had her eyes closed and she looked serene , her long lashes two thick , dark crescents on her face .
va	PRES	 Separate ranges ? 
tr	PRES	Delicately balanced but not falling off the chair , he passes into unconsciousness .
tr	PRES	Another Ah ha moment when she had to think about it a bit too long .
tr	PRES	" Celt loves children .
tr	PAST	 Just for that , you 're going ice skating with me , "" she mumbled , almost so low I couldn 't hear her ."
va	PRES	He holds up his hand , signaling for me to sit back down .
va	PRES	Plutarch enters some sort of code on a keyboard , and lights begin to flash .
tr	PRES	Her broken ribs betray her stretch and a searing bolt of pain strikes her .
va	PRES	Julie follows my gaze and she and Nora exchange a glance .
tr	PRES	Jaws snap with sudden force against the bars of the cage , eyes the size of fists flashing red in the dark .
tr	PRES	 The city is quickly turning into a powder keg ,  Raffaele explains to me as we head out from his chambers .
tr	PRES	He climbs to the window sill and jumps down .
tr	PRES	"Before I totally blacked out for the second time that day , I swore I heard someone scream , "" Drop the gun now ! """
tr	PRES	"Leaving tracks every step of the way ? """
tr	PRES	My husband let go of my hand to curl me into his side , his hand resting low on my opposite hip .
va	PRES	The predator runs down its prey and rips it to shreds .
tr	PRES	 Big cheat . 
tr	PRES	Elliott raises an arm to escort me out , but I remove one more mask from the bureau .
tr	PRES	 Those ...  murmurs an android pointing to a few red points .
tr	PRES	" It was ... exquisite .
tr	PRES	Spread lies , blend in truths , add a pinch of snark and a dash of tears .
tr	PAST	The amusement fled from Royce 's face and with a groan he pulled her roughly against his chest , crushing her to him .
tr	PRES	Just as I 'm about to turn and leave , the man approaches me .
tr	PAST	Finished with their updates , they both announced that they were tired of sitting and waiting here in Bellevue .
tr	PAST	Madge slowed down and said ,  You 're right ."
tr	PRES	The structure stretches across the ground before him consisting of six rods placed at points to form a Star of David that is visible only to himself .
te	PRES	He tells us often enough that Ship won 't let us leave .
tr	PRES	 Damien ,  I whisper , then release him as I fumble at the knot on my hip .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , trying to think of something positive to say .
va	PRES	The land in which we 'll be campaigning lies at awesome distance , up above the skies .
va	PRES	He tilts in his chin , his eyes never wavering from mine .
va	PRES	A human male rises up suddenly , mumbling something .
va	PRES	And the rain , the light sweet rain begins to fall .
tr	PRES	 Three returns to Ramsgate , please . 
tr	PRES	Thanks for sharing that vitally life-saving important scientific information but let me add more information .
tr	PRES	Something flashes in his eyes for a split second , then disappears .
va	PRES	 Just a Coke . 
tr	PRES	 How awful . 
tr	PRES	Again she breathes deeply .
va	PRES	For example , the dandelion helps regulate the gastro-intestinal system , and would be ineffective as a flu fighter .
tr	PRES	 Didn 't she even hesitate ? 
tr	PRES	 Which priest . 
tr	PRES	He pushed his finger deep , his thumb teasing her cl * t as the rush overtook her .
tr	PRES	 This is so good ,  he mumbled .
te	PRES	He watches Tim for another moment , then lies back down .
tr	PRES	He inhales her scent and cradles her head in his hand again to bring her lips even closer and he brushes them against his own .
tr	PRES	 Admit defeat , Danny ,  teased Mac .
tr	PRES	Pierre stops his men .
tr	PRES	Completely , utterly numb .
te	PRES	A sound that went on and on , sawing at my nerves and making my ears ache .
te	PRES	 What the fuck ? 
te	PRES	"We concentrate on the ones we do . """
tr	PRES	Harry reaches up and scratches the side of his jaw where a little stubble is starting to grow .
te	PRES	Its splendour lies in its relative simplicity , humility , and the tender frescoes that feel like family .
tr	PRES	 Because I 've been trying to block her from my memory since Year Nine . 
te	PRES	My heart flips again imagining it could be William , but the caller ID shows unknown , not Stratford Investments .
tr	PRES	' Fine way to spend a Saturday morning , eh ? '
tr	PRES	But time heals all wounds .
tr	PRES	No more dentist office doorways for her .
tr	PRES	"Three "" Wake up . """
tr	PRES	" None taken , Mario .
tr	PAST	The fact that she hadn 't heard back from him bothered her very little .
tr	PAST	 Neanderthal , "" she accused , her body more than ready for him to make her beg ."
tr	PRES	In other words , war changes every soldier , but it has always profoundly damaged some of them .
tr	PRES	' An extremely heavy beetle ? '
tr	PRES	And he begins , of all things , to cry .
va	PRES	She reaches for the glass of milk , takes a sip and then takes me in her mouth until I feel the back of her throat .
tr	PRES	Freyja 's eyes flare for a moment but she remains silent staring at Kol awaiting his decision .
tr	PRES	Air hisses out as if it hasn 't been opened for a long , long time .
tr	PRES	But mostly He just lets us know He 's here with a beautiful light .
tr	PRES	We ditch Oliver ; we never have to go back to Morganville .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands in a warm greeting , as if I should know him , and he bumps his chest gently against mine .
tr	PRES	She opens the door wider and I push my way in .
tr	PRES	' Cover , they need to know where we are , you git . '
tr	PRES	Gabe glances in the room and wrinkles his nose .
va	PRES	Tyson whispers in her ear .
tr	PRES	" But think of the subservience involved , Doctor !
tr	PAST	Ezio willed himself to concentrate and tried again .
tr	PRES	The car effortlessly slides to a stop .
tr	PAST	Sakura gritted her teeth and pulled back .
tr	PRES	 Is that something they teach you at Jones and Jones ? """
tr	PRES	Then he falls down or cuts himself one to many times , and his mind gives up .
tr	PRES	 Were you singing ? 
tr	PRES	After stepping into the parking lot , he loosened his tie .
tr	PRES	"- an elevator , "" said Vimes ."
tr	PRES	- I confess to having been shocked .
tr	PRES	Knox stares intently at my lips .
tr	PRES	 Is Blythe an attractive woman ? 
tr	PRES	In a tornado of consonants and vowels , all the conversations in the echoing conference arena whirl into a verbal salad .
tr	PRES	' Don 't jump just yet , Pol .
te	PRES	Everyone claps for me .
tr	PRES	 I 'm keeping a close eye on the time ,  he snaps , irritated at being questioned .
tr	PRES	"with a crisp "" above 90 % . """
tr	PRES	 You were right to say this was live ,  he states .
tr	PRES	' Oh , George , ' Agnes moaned , ' how can you say such things to him ?
tr	PRES	They scramble around , grabbing equipment .
va	PRES	He hooks his arm around my waist and tugs me close , then brushes his lips over mine .
tr	PRES	In a wave , the Candor below twist and fire upward .
te	PRES	' Du n no .
te	PRES	The bed above squeaks again .
tr	PRES	And because of that , I let her help me up , my legs unsteady beneath me .
te	PRES	I peel away at my thumbnail .
tr	PRES	The wind whipped around them powerfully , blasting her hair back from her face and howling noisily .
tr	PRES	the cat whistled forward , the weighted ends coiling about the upper body of the prisoner and ripping into skin and muscle .
tr	PRES	"That guy ... the Old One ... he grabbed me , and -- "" "" Rafael ?"
te	PRES	He drops his cigarette on the ground and stomps on it .
tr	PRES	 To the end of time , Gaia . 
tr	PRES	" I know a sticking point when I see one , captain .
tr	PAST	As the rigging dragged in the water , the ship slowed to a crawl and the Wench sailed quickly past .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side and said ,  You could . """
tr	PRES	 Got it ,  she sighs , accepting the vial .
tr	PRES	" I suspect you 're too hard on yourself .
va	PRES	He slowly pulls the blind fold off my eyes .
va	PRES	I suggest you stay below , until things calm down . "
tr	PRES	" Because we 're in a cool , damp underground laundromat in Miami .
tr	PAST	Finally , after the fifth time that happened , I motioned at Finn that I was going on without him .
tr	PRES	I snap back at him .
tr	PRES	 Regina 's cook likes to express himself in three dimensions ."
tr	PRES	 Found it ,  he states .
tr	PRES	 Dark and dangerous , huh ? 
tr	PRES	 Probably because you were possessed ,  I mumble .
tr	PRES	"Beneath your skin lies a creation of great wonder . """
tr	PRES	I bat his hand away .
tr	PRES	It wrenched something inside of me loose , something that I had hidden long ago .
tr	PRES	 Oh , wait , maybe it was the actual words you used that gave me that idea ,  he adds .
tr	PRES	A row of feathery footwear blocks Gale 's view .
tr	PRES	Katie The ' little chat ' with Mom turned into one of our yelling matches , as it always did .
tr	PRES	He cracks a sideways smile .
tr	PRES	He considers me for a long moment .
tr	PRES	 I highly doubt that ,  she mumbled to herself .
va	PRES	She opens the door .
tr	PRES	We all have regrets , and that is one of his .
tr	PRES	 My rebellion isn 't only because of her ,  Cameron states , moving up beside me and into my line of vision .
tr	PRES	My head falls back , and my mouth drops open .
tr	PRES	His four fingers covered her neatly trimmed , soft pubic hair , damp from her arousal and the intense heat of her body .
tr	PRES	He flips the page of his sketchbook to a blank one , takes my hand , and places it on the page .
tr	PRES	"Besides you 're going to need your sleep if you 're going to visit Mom tomorrow , "" Paul teased ."
va	PRES	 Just wash off in the stream . 
tr	PRES	My gaze sweeps the campus yard .
tr	PRES	It 's kil ing me to see it al stil here when he 's not .
tr	PRES	"And then he opens his mouth and asks Mark J. , "" How 's your morning going ? """
tr	PRES	My entire body freezes as I hear those words again .
tr	PRES	My eyes dart to Trystan .
tr	PRES	 Can I depend on you to let me know if anything else comes our way tonight ? 
tr	PRES	" Come now , lass .
tr	PRES	He pushes the toe of his shoe into the street dirt and flicks it up .
tr	PRES	 Senator , this is what comes our way , "" Uriel explains as he eases his grip ."
tr	PRES	 Did you feed ? 
tr	PRES	Jolie reaches out for Pat 's mobile .
tr	PRES	 By that I assume you mean money ? 
tr	PRES	I estimate I can get 50 % higher yield by using these tactics .
tr	PRES	" None of your business , slut .
tr	PAST	I scribbled feverishly , my pen moving across the page at an almost frightening speed .
tr	PRES	Skyla remains frozen , perfectly bent over , most likely amazed she got the ball to obey her command .
tr	PAST	While he dreamed of them in the nighttime and woke up hot , sweaty , and hard .
tr	PRES	' Just what I wanted ; Billy Richards in my group . '
tr	PAST	A slightly chubby man extended his hand and I took it , instantly detached .
tr	PRES	 The sooner she learns the truth , the better . """
tr	PRES	There ain 't no such place .
va	PRES	 To the phone booth out front . 
tr	PRES	I pray that God will take my spirit .
tr	PRES	She stands tall and puts her regal nose in the air .
tr	PRES	But to her , his face remains standard , revealing no difference .
tr	PRES	"I 'm losing my mind , "" she mumbled and rubbed her face ."
tr	PRES	She offers me the urn , then takes a deep breath .
tr	PRES	The key to everything lies with Pallas , who orders her torture and imprisonment inside the Corporation .
tr	PRES	Marceline pops one into her mouth .
tr	PRES	He could barely hear himself , a sensual stupor having taken over his brain .
tr	PRES	" The gossip chain never stops .
tr	PAST	Mom slowed the car .
tr	PAST	 Yes , trusted elder ."
tr	PRES	" But how , Maggie ?
tr	PRES	I snuggle up his body a little more so I can press my face into the warm hollow of his neck instead .
tr	PAST	This proved how much we knew each other and how well we worked together .
tr	PAST	No more lonely days , no more putting on my false face to the world , the face that pretended I was happy .
tr	PRES	I slap my face , blink , trying to bring my vision back .
tr	PRES	 So , what brings you by tonight ? """
tr	PRES	 Tell me you didn 't arrange that for effect ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	Lifting me off the floor , he tries to sound reassuring .
tr	PRES	 My turn ,  he declares happily , and I laugh as he stands so he 's looming over me .
tr	PRES	Brielle doubles over , exposing the slightly digested contents of her stomach .
tr	PRES	He holds the door open for me .
tr	PRES	 From Adrienne . 
tr	PRES	His voice brook no argument .
va	PRES	For a moment , her body stops its constant twitching and she seems to relax .
tr	PRES	I refresh my words .
tr	PRES	 Following a tight meal plan helps control his blood sugar . 
tr	PRES	His blood flows through our veins .
tr	PRES	He learns how to live without storms in his hands although the pain never goes away completely , a sky that never really clears .
tr	PRES	They describe you very precisely .
te	PRES	 The fact that they are the fathers of your great-grandchildren holds no weight for you ? 
tr	PRES	"She loves stuff like this ! """
tr	PRES	" Jim always tells me to smile .
va	PAST	I crashed into the cage and thrust the snail into the pocket of my jeans .
va	PAST	 Because they wrote something on my mirror with my lipstick - ' whore . ' """
va	PRES	She shook her head , her eyes spitting sharp blades of fire my way .
va	PRES	His eyes flare with disapproval and I stop for a moment .
tr	PRES	The stray cat gradually approaches them , drawn on by the tossed pellets .
va	PRES	Bella , snap out of it .
tr	PRES	" This binds two but makes one subordinate to the other .
tr	PAST	I attempted to make dishwashing sound interesting , which was hard to do .
tr	PRES	Maurice hates that . '
tr	PAST	Anna crouched down beside her , cupping Tasha 's face in her palm .
tr	PAST	Mr. Stephen grunted and Lady Claire took a step toward him before he motioned her to stay put .
tr	PAST	Soft , blonde curls caressed my shoulders , and just a hint of blush and pink lip gloss reminded me that I had makeup on at all .
tr	PRES	Jayden releases Sean and knocks him flying to the ground .
tr	PAST	She sniffed ,  I think that story getting passed around is a little exaggerated . """
tr	PRES	Like the first breath of air after too long spent underwater , the release consumes me for a moment .
tr	PRES	Driver sees his face , but it takes a moment for him to grasp who it is .
tr	PRES	 I do ,  she whispers .
te	PRES	I estimate that it is well past midnight before someone finally speaks .
tr	PRES	Miles bursts out from the shadowy corner and is upon Nancy in a second .
te	PRES	The winged cap he wore hid most of his hair , but light brown wisps poked out from underneath .
tr	PRES	 But surely --  Elspeth shook her head and placed her teacup on the table .
tr	PRES	 It 's happening , Holly ,  I blurt out .
te	PRES	 No argument from me . 
tr	PRES	Amelia beamed , but didn 't give Austin a chance to reconsider .
tr	PRES	She breathes deeply again and turns to face the lingering sunset .
tr	PRES	 Did Dr. Gallo grant these requests for H9 very often ? 
tr	PRES	I bonded with him because he saved my life ... twice .
tr	PRES	" He helps the bad guy while pretending to be your buddy and making suggestions .
tr	PAST	I scrolled past various movie and book sites until I came to a small website that specialized in paranormal sightings in North America .
tr	PRES	 I finally do "" I shout back ."
tr	PRES	Granger clears his throat loudly .
tr	PRES	As the boat sailed under the sinking balcony , a sleek shape vaulted into view , back paws kicking off the railing for extra distance .
tr	PRES	 It 's going to be fine ,  she announces .
tr	PRES	Ethan stands in front of me protectively .
tr	PRES	I gape at his massive cock as it 's unsheathed from his underwear .
tr	PRES	She inches closer , and they come into view .
tr	PRES	Kit opens her mouth to protest , but when she sees my look , she nods .
va	PRES	 What kind of man steals a purse from under a dressing room door ? 
tr	PRES	Her mottled green eyes shine brighter when she 's angry , and her face flushes a dark red .
tr	PRES	Hundreds of people unconscious on the floor , shot with something other than bullets , and I have no idea why .
tr	PRES	"Laughing at the look of horror on Derrick 's face , he commanded , "" Vena , DINNER TIME ! """
tr	PRES	Whatever hint of a smile he used to have is gone .
tr	PRES	 Whatever you decide , I 'm with you , Tammie ,  Devon squeezes her close to him and caresses her back .
va	PRES	' They 're here again - tis the soldiers . '
tr	PRES	The Prince 's expression hardened .
tr	PRES	She snaps up quickly , her head whirling around toward me , and I smile at the look of shock in her eyes .
va	PRES	Too breathless to argue anyway .
tr	PRES	She descended , her footfalls hurrying only at the last .
tr	PRES	" Because we are similar creatures .
va	PAST	she spat and skipped to the oversized couch , where she plunged over the back and settled face-down just within reach of the remote .
va	PAST	Haddington patted him on the shoulder .
va	PRES	She gestures towards the window .
va	PAST	But seeing the grins on the kids ' faces planted an idea in his mind .
va	PRES	Ariel finally wakes up when the android leaves and we gather around the fallen Arc  s body .
va	PRES	' Yeah , a crap one .
va	PAST	I wrote that last one the night before I met her at the bowling alley .
va	PAST	I clamped my mouth shut .
va	PAST	Her eyes briefly darted up ... up to where I knew a woman was hiding - and with this being daylight - no doubt sleeping .
va	PRES	she demands harshly , all traces of the momentary softness gone .
va	PRES	Aren  t you supposed to be getting over a hangover or something ? "
tr	PRES	A lot of factors go into the level of satisfaction you achieve .
tr	PRES	He hates happy children and happy parents and their happy lives .
tr	PRES	"This worth ' illegal ' ? """
tr	PRES	A smile stretches across my face .
tr	PRES	He holds out his elbow .
tr	PRES	Sand fills up my sandals and is cool against my skin .
tr	PRES	The day passes , my muscles ache , and at night Echo lies six feet away and cries quietly to herself .
va	PRES	Crewe lets out a sigh heavy with responsibility .
tr	PRES	"And besides , "" his demeanor changed into something colder and his eyes turned that menacing silver again , "" we detest humankind ."
tr	PRES	He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises .
tr	PRES	A searchlight shines on the ground .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Mitch .
tr	PRES	Clients charter her and crew .
tr	PAST	I just stormed in and attacked .
tr	PRES	The week Georgie and Neal stayed there , she hauled out the whole stack .
tr	PAST	Terrance 's tone of voice exposed his disbelief at her suggestion .
tr	PRES	 You reek of sex and his seed ."
te	PRES	The world changes every day .
tr	PRES	My head falls forward again .
tr	PRES	He grimaces and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	I lean on the doorframe , watching him as he concentrates on fastening the links .
tr	PRES	When I pull back the covers my hair clip falls from my hands and lands on the floor .
tr	PRES	Then we all shift in , using Kali and me as the locators , landing in the spots we had picked out .
tr	PRES	So I snuck out and went over to his place .
tr	PRES	 And that includes the ones on my car . 
tr	PRES	 Tell me ...  Click , click .
tr	PRES	"The chapter "" The Search for Meaning "" applies here ."
te	PRES	Lucas , snap out of it .
te	PRES	"Have Race teach you . """
tr	PRES	he says , getting angrier the more he talks .
te	PRES	The king glances up .
tr	PRES	Andrew grasps my hand .
tr	PRES	"Just try not to owe him any favors you can 't repay . """
te	PRES	 Isaac , Daddy loves you . 
tr	PRES	Timothy holds it out to show him .
tr	PRES	"Our allegiance hinges on that baby 's life . """
va	PRES	" In that case , Joseph really likes your lasagna .
tr	PRES	Blue highlights danced in her ebony hair and glittered almost as much as the delicate gold butterfly barrettes pinned above her ears .
tr	PRES	I kinda like that .
tr	PRES	 Prewitt loves you . """
tr	PRES	Mother tends to look the other way whenever we need to deal with our neighbors ... for now .
tr	PRES	Kylie runs to me as soon as she sees me .
tr	PRES	He helps me get my food even as Derek and Shep break his balls , saying he 's whipped .
tr	PRES	The pain over my heart returns , and from it I imagine tiny fissures spreading out into my body .
tr	PRES	" Not a good idea Frey .
tr	PRES	The night sky shone down on them , the glitter of a thousand stars lighting the area .
tr	PAST	 Who terminated him ? """
tr	PRES	 I 'm not done with you yet ,  he murmurs , just as I am about to drift off to sleep .
tr	PRES	 Higher concentration ? 
tr	PRES	He lays my watch down and goes to the stairs .
tr	PRES	I enter the garage .
tr	PRES	 What about the bounty ? 
tr	PRES	Jason sees he has fifteen minutes on the clock .
tr	PRES	 A good one , but she has to be smart , ok MJ ? 
tr	PRES	 What if she throws that up ? 
tr	PRES	 This guy hopes to be paid ten dollars an hour for being a waiter . 
tr	PRES	She stirred weakly and coughed , her eyelids fluttering and blood leaking from the corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	 What about our sisters ? 
tr	PRES	" Yes , thank you , Arnold .
tr	PRES	Every time , she tries to hide it from me .
tr	PRES	 Mrs. Russo ? """
tr	PRES	Running around the deck , Lucas quickly stops .
tr	PRES	And then he imagined her as he 'd not yet seen her , peeling off her clothes and smiling , tempting him , accepting him .
tr	PRES	She slides on my slipper socks and wraps my robe around me .
tr	PRES	" And never hesitate to keep bringing me flowers .
tr	PAST	He leaped up and - to her shock - walked across the broken glass .
tr	PAST	Webb 's laugh deepened .
tr	PAST	And she ... she placed her hands very near M. de Chartres ' ...  She sought the proper term ."
tr	PRES	The captain returns ; everything is in order .
tr	PRES	I paste a smile on hoping to come across as genuine .
tr	PRES	Pain for him , pain for me , rips at my heart .
tr	PRES	Zeke sneaks up behind me and wraps an arm around my neck .
tr	PRES	He lays his elbows on the bar and leans toward me .
tr	PRES	 They 're fine ,  I reassure Lowell .
tr	PRES	" No one talks about them unless I ask .
tr	PRES	 With scars and bruises all over , with half of them healed ."
tr	PRES	 Everyone thought I was dead ,  he explains me in a emotionless tone , returning his attention back to the road .
tr	PRES	She glides into an open archway on the left .
tr	PRES	" Are we sightseeing ?
tr	PRES	Everyone has been busting their humps , not just me ,  Valerie explains ."
tr	PRES	 Shall I refill the glasses before we get down to details ? 
te	PRES	This wedding garment my soul affects : so shall I be found without spot when the Master of the feast comes in to see the guests .
tr	PRES	He stands a little taller .
tr	PRES	Every time the man screams , he shoves Trystan back into the wall , harder and harder , choking him .
tr	PRES	I lay on my stomach with my head over the edge so I could watch him , my chin resting on the backs of my fingerless gloves .
tr	PRES	She whispers softly , looking all around the room , blinking rapidly again .
tr	PRES	His words stir my memory .
tr	PRES	He exhales deeply as he holds my stare .
tr	PRES	Her beautiful eyes sparkling with joy , Jolie begins to hum .
tr	PRES	" Originally , yes , but now my father uses one at the other end of the hall for his workout room .
tr	PAST	Kaylie giggled ,  More like flaming little fairy . """
tr	PRES	His neck holds the picture of a woman on one side and a classic spell on the other .
tr	PRES	 Ski resort ? 
te	PRES	He pushes out a loud exhale .
te	PRES	But not caring or threatened by it at all .
tr	PRES	 And the other option ? 
tr	PRES	"Besides , the governor stands behind all they do at the Red River settlement . """
tr	PRES	Perhaps more than you do , lad .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me and the excitement in her eyes makes me smile just a little , despite how tired I am .
tr	PRES	Time slows , becomes impossible to measure .
tr	PRES	 Please spare me . 
tr	PRES	An avalanche of memories crushes any semblance of relief I should feel right now .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone as she put a dramatic hand to her heart and sniffed .
tr	PRES	Whatever it is , her menacing glare softens just a bit .
te	PRES	' Yeah , but ... ' Julie begins , her voice uncharacteristically timid . '
tr	PRES	Every inch of me burns , yearning for his touch .
te	PRES	 And if you 'll marry me , I guarantee the women will stop challenging you for possession . 
tr	PRES	I chew on my bottom lip and begin to doubt that I have any idea what I 've gotten myself into .
tr	PRES	I struggle to tell myself that at least I am alive , and that perhaps one day I will be beyond his clutches .
tr	PRES	The clue appears in the last word .
te	PRES	"They discover you as soon as you begin playing . """
tr	PRES	 Charlotte lets you make your own conditions ? 
tr	PRES	 Good morale . 
tr	PRES	" Blast it , Angelica , if you weren 't ... well , you 'd likely be able to call me Voss .
tr	PAST	He slapped her then grabbed her wrists and forced her arms above her head , pinning them against the window with one hand .
tr	PAST	I pinched the skin covering his abs and he squirmed .
tr	PRES	But then again , how come the Science Teacher from my dream was now showing up , taking on impossible shapes ?
tr	PRES	He points at his arm and it changes color to a metallic red .
tr	PRES	 It still belongs to Demetrius . """
tr	PRES	 The things we hunt never arc . 
tr	PRES	" If you insist , buy me one of those small trees the grocery store sells in the flower pots .
tr	PAST	Beth 's long , dark hair floated across her shoulders as she turned back to face him .
tr	PAST	Mark cocked his head .
tr	PAST	I persisted :  She works here . """
tr	PRES	Like she sees someone looking back at her and she is not happy at all with it .
tr	PRES	" Only if I 'm a heartless bitch .
te	PRES	Dante hesitates for a moment .
te	PRES	 Love you too , "" I mumble back , but he 's falling asleep again already ."
te	PRES	The crowd tries to scatter , but they 're packed too tight , and people trample one another .
tr	PRES	I lean over to see what all the fuss is about .
tr	PRES	' One who sings to the Moon .
tr	PRES	"Once you take over the running it ceases to be anything to do with me . """
tr	PRES	Layla enters the classroom carrying something that looks like a make-up bag and she also has a black garment bag draped over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Back off , Leonard .
tr	PAST	Fade reversed his grip , taking the dagger by its blade , and offered the hilt across his wrist to Tavi .
tr	PAST	One of the group froze , looking down at the sword , transfixed .
tr	PRES	Gage helps me upstairs and I briskly shut and lock my door in the event my mother 's sanity decides to restore itself .
tr	PRES	Moonlight falls through the stained glass windows ; shadows creep across the stairs .
tr	PRES	Says that 's about his limit on tolerating most of them . "
tr	PRES	This document lists out the fee structure and the transaction process that will be followed .
tr	PRES	"Just don 't feel like you have to ... settle . """
tr	PRES	I manage to balance on two thin branches a little below her .
tr	PRES	The kid 's voice rises with pure fear .
tr	PRES	 What brings you so far Out ? 
va	PRES	 Not happening Zeke . 
va	PRES	 Life cultures ? 
tr	PRES	I dodge a toddler and dart around the old cronies .
te	PRES	" Please don 't let him feed me wheat germ .
tr	PAST	None of his actions lightened the stain of his sin .
tr	PAST	The request to promote Osa as a member of the Council bothered him .
tr	PAST	 Thank you , "" Sarah exclaimed , fingering the fabric ."
tr	PRES	"What brings you this way ? """
va	PRES	"Timothy abruptly stands up and asks , "" My mom 's on board ? """
tr	PRES	Pinned and hooked and buttoned to my body , they drag me under .
va	PRES	He begins up the stairs , taking them two at a time .
tr	PRES	 I guess ,  he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Don 't get me wrong , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	 Yeah , don 't scratch up my wrists , please . """
tr	PRES	He pulled away , his smile fading as he cupped my cheek .
te	PRES	" Cat fight , I assume .
tr	PRES	' Oh , no , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	 I 've lied to my parents enough ."
va	PRES	It serves as a root word for so many variations .
tr	PRES	Slamming the door open , Melissa pushes me inside the room while the surprised teacher and other students stare at me enter .
tr	PRES	She finds the bra catch , and releases my breasts into her hands , gently massaging them .
tr	PRES	 Don 't stop , Emma ,  he begged .
tr	PRES	" You betcha , little sis .
tr	PAST	 Talk about amazing , right ?"
te	PRES	Once again she reviewed his story .
tr	PRES	She asked , her voice tremulous .
tr	PRES	 You OK ? 
tr	PRES	" Come on , Princess .
tr	PAST	He was stomping around , hands clasped on his head , the sun beating down on him .
tr	PRES	One of those dark silhouettes out there had squealed on him .
tr	PAST	I exited without any hesitation this time .
tr	PRES	And so the families ... endure .
tr	PAST	She yawned , but she refused sleep .
tr	PAST	 Fine , "" I lied ."
va	PRES	 I keep my distance from that life ,  he adds , his eyes skimming from my waist to my face .
tr	PRES	 July seventeenth . 
tr	PRES	So I screwed up .
tr	PRES	"If you had all done that , for instance , you would have noticed that ... "" "" Hang on ! """
tr	PRES	"The moon rises over the river guiding us through the valley of the river . """
te	PRES	I reckon she was a professional wrestler before she got hold of her nurse 's uniform .
tr	PRES	 Would you , Gil ? 
tr	PRES	The void slows time as best it can , but it is not nearly enough to save them both .
tr	PRES	You belong to me from this night forward .
tr	PRES	 I want to see the manager ,  Bill hauled out his ID .
tr	PRES	Pressing my lips together , I peel my hand off my blouse and act like I was just brushing off a speck of lint .
tr	PRES	"All his classmates . """
tr	PRES	" Teach me , and I 'll sing with you .
tr	PRES	Oh , lem me outta here . "
tr	PRES	Dervish asks , smile fading .
tr	PRES	I assume she 's run off .
tr	PRES	"I crave vengeance against the one who stole my life away from me . """
tr	PRES	His pole twitches , and he grabs it , reeling it in .
tr	PRES	Break them down , scramble them , snap them in half , whatever works for you .
tr	PRES	Adrian returns to his book , and I return to thinking about a life that I can never have .
va	PRES	Then her whole body jerked upwards .
tr	PRES	The elevator door opens on the 50th floor .
tr	PRES	 You can see the dark side of anything ,  he teased .
tr	PRES	Slim metal rods pierce her nose , lower lip , and left brow .
tr	PRES	I dreaded another night alone but at least the rain had moved on .
tr	PRES	Glass falls to the pavement .
te	PRES	Call me , text me , whatever you have to do .
tr	PRES	"And keep your clothes on , jaguar . """
va	PRES	Huge angel wings , a dirty shade of blue , expand across the canvas .
tr	PRES	 Listen to me ,  she whispers .
tr	PRES	When she recognizes me , she flashes me a smile .
tr	PRES	"Not just pocket crumbs , but whole loaves of bread . """
tr	PRES	" Yes , mortals .
te	PRES	 Mom , it smells great in here . """
tr	PRES	' You ' l kil the ones you love ? '
tr	PRES	He tries to take aim at me but I rip the blaster out of his hands using my telekinesis .
te	PRES	 Please spare me . 
tr	PRES	"Reagan blushes , but she says , "" Thank you , Karl ."
tr	PRES	 Oh , my gods ...  I swayed .
te	PRES	She crosses the parking lot and yells something out when Luke appears on the sidewalk , heading for her .
tr	PRES	No matter what the price , ' I repeat loudly .
tr	PRES	"The tribes operate independently . """
va	PRES	 You OK ? 
tr	PRES	Kimbra 's eyes widen in shock .
tr	PRES	 You don 't appear to be fine with it ,  she pointed out , her stomach dipping the slightest bit when her body brushed his .
tr	PRES	A stale , cold room forms around me with white glossy walls .
tr	PRES	The jogger was moving towards him , fists shadow boxing the air .
te	PRES	She pul ed at them , finding where there was enough give to start cutting , and Stefan hissed in pain .
tr	PRES	Something light and cool strokes my cheek .
tr	PRES	Also , many warlocks not fabulous .
tr	PRES	 A great chase , Angelina ,  he teased .
tr	PRES	" Sleep tight , Bells .
tr	PAST	One of the Cobras scoffed .
tr	PAST	At once , the tentacles retreated toward the hole , slithering across the surface , dragging Terry by his ankle .
tr	PRES	 Worked to death , "" Dan mumbled ."
tr	PRES	Says the older girl in shock .
tr	PRES	Finally recognizing the sincerity in my voice , Jake just nods and turns away , limping faintly from my well-placed kick .
tr	PRES	Slowly , one of them begins to reach under his coat .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for everything , sis .
tr	PRES	 You were too involved with Colby to see anything else , "" Norah teased and then sighed ."
va	PRES	The crystal lies here in legend only , and that is if we read it correctly .
va	PRES	 And painful . 
tr	PRES	 The guitar ? 
tr	PRES	The old phone falls to the floor and breaks into pieces .
tr	PRES	March sees me as pure beauty , distilled to its essence , nothing more needed or required .
tr	PRES	"I assume an older healer will make you more comfortable ? """
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	 Aren 't you a sweetie ? 
te	PRES	"He considers me responsible . """
tr	PRES	 Mentally recover ? 
te	PRES	 Oh no ,  Pete breathes .
tr	PRES	My baby sister shrugged her skinny shoulders , one hand still resting on the doorknob .
tr	PRES	"You belong to me , and I 'm going to see to it that you never forget it . """
tr	PRES	"9 "" Wake up , Mags ."
tr	PRES	The smoke clears as we make our way out of the mountains .
tr	PRES	Gerry contemplated aloud whilst firing a few more rounds at the attackers now located only 20 metres ahead .
tr	PRES	Spending all his time writing his songs and stories about the girl he loves ! '
va	PRES	Madame Fournier holds up an iPad .
tr	PRES	She dreaded that interview , whenever it came .
tr	PRES	She deserves something that has some amount of dignity .
tr	PRES	 How cliche . 
tr	PRES	 Juanita and Manuel , would you witness the signing ? 
te	PRES	Not my actual house , which is currently strangling me with the lies that I 've been told .
tr	PRES	The soft stroke of his fingers on my skin leeches out the lingering pain .
tr	PRES	 No , no ; ' tis just a trick of the light . 
tr	PRES	"It fits the description we got from Quebec of the ring that Jean Claude Parent gave to Toni Prescott . """
tr	PRES	And he just throws me o the side .
tr	PRES	"Clay deserves a fair trial , don 't you think ? """
te	PRES	" I 'm not walking anywhere , sweetie .
tr	PRES	Carefully opening the door , Hector shone the light in and the two men quickly examined the contents .
tr	PRES	Waving his arm in a wide arc down past the waterfall , he describes the course of the river .
tr	PRES	My body folds into a horseshoe shape .
tr	PRES	I wipe my face .
tr	PRES	Arik loves me . "
te	PRES	The ceiling opens and the spirits leave .
tr	PRES	 Lonely Bunny ? 
te	PRES	" Grandma and her family lineage .
tr	PRES	She lets out another groan and her feet take a few steps forward but go limp again .
tr	PRES	When they pulled up in the drive Caroline hopped out of the car and up to the porch before Cade had completely gotten out of his seat .
tr	PAST	Thirty-three minutes later , the happy family left together , with Maddie trailing behind , forgotten , her finger hooked in her mouth .
tr	PAST	It unraveled like a compressed Slinky , lashing out from the inside .
tr	PRES	 Our souls ? """
te	PRES	I lick my lips .
te	PRES	Big cylinders , from which sharp spires and metal frameworks stretch out as skeletons .
tr	PRES	" My sister likes you .
tr	PRES	He throws his head back and closes his eyes .
tr	PRES	They wove their own cloth , dyed it with extracts from their own gardens , and hand-stitched it into brown robes .
tr	PRES	I whimper and the pain nearly knocks me out .
tr	PRES	The brightness of the beach fades into memory as their eyes adjust to the shadows of the jungle trees .
tr	PRES	The people she 'd hidden among and tried to imitate .
tr	PAST	His hand often lingered , she 'd noticed , as it had on the small of her back earlier .
tr	PAST	Sighing , she motioned for Kyle to follow her down the hall .
tr	PRES	 I assume why is was destroyed ."
tr	PRES	 Once an accountant , always an accountant , huh ? 
te	PRES	But the temptation fades under the cover of reality .
tr	PRES	My hand shoots out and I brace myself from hitting the dashboard .
tr	PRES	He slams his hand down on the table , causing me to jump .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth ; his face turns red and I quickly realise he 's now holding his breath .
te	PRES	"He likes to grumble , but it works out quite well . """
te	PRES	"She yells at me about my truck , and she has a huge tattoo that runs down her shoulder . """
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the room begins to fill with people , each advancing on me with knives drawn .
tr	PRES	Men shouting and whistles blowing .
tr	PRES	"It connects the bar area to the hotel Ethernet backbone . """
tr	PRES	His body lurches toward the phone .
tr	PRES	Jacques remembers very little of his past .
va	PRES	 Hang on , sweetie . 
tr	PRES	It fel backward , hitting the ground hard .
va	PRES	 You better be careful what you say ,  I warn , beginning to worry that she might be targeted .
tr	PRES	" Well , how fortunate that I was in the area .
tr	PRES	But he loves not to have his birth dwelt upon . "
tr	PRES	Nicholas falls to the ground motionless .
tr	PRES	"His voice rises a few octaves . """
tr	PRES	The Thai waitress pushes the chair in as I sit down , and whipping a napkin open , lays it expertly across my lap .
te	PRES	She shone with a summery brightness that made him feel content .
tr	PRES	 Darcy ,  she whispered dryly , her head spinning .
tr	PRES	 I 'm sorry ,  she whispers .
va	PRES	Someone pushes me into the nearest alley .
tr	PRES	No , the burned hand teaches best .
tr	PRES	 Late seventeenth century . 
tr	PRES	Rory stops about ten feet from me and attempts to hold Star still , but he 's prancing and acting skittish .
va	PRES	I lean across the table .
tr	PRES	Downstairs he stands by the door that he knows I always leave by .
tr	PRES	He crawls toward the trees .
tr	PRES	Elliot mumbled as he opened the passenger door .
tr	PRES	The sofa emitted a muffled rumble .
tr	PRES	 No foot prints either ? 
tr	PRES	She descends on me with her hairbrush , tugging and pulling .
tr	PRES	The undercurrent of yearning I felt for him then was different than any of the other pulls toward him I 'd felt before .
te	PRES	" Prewitt 's symbol represents no mate , no marriage , no engagement , technically a widower .
va	PRES	 That you don 't know the answer proves you aren 't the warrior I thought you were ."
tr	PRES	 Everybody loves Jerry Lewis . 
tr	PRES	 Seems needlessly dangerous . 
tr	PRES	 Chase Denton . 
tr	PRES	' But what about the film ? '
te	PRES	Tiny and turquoise with gold accents ; no way was that designed to fit an adult .
tr	PRES	 Injecting the first nanites into the fluid , commencing stage one of augmentation ,  Doctor Hartman announces cheerfully .
va	PRES	His sister sees something that catches her attention .
tr	PRES	She whipped the stick up to the exact level of his hand , an inch from his palm .
te	PRES	When he is intent on finding another pair of pajamas , I quickly wriggle out of my jeans and tug on the pj bottoms .
va	PRES	" There , he likes it .
tr	PAST	The bouncer glared , but extended his fist to the door he protected .
tr	PRES	Cooper whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head when she reached the base of the stairs and heard the sound of voices echoing through the great hall .
tr	PRES	He presses into a dry smile .
tr	PRES	 Are you suggesting ... ?"
va	PRES	she rips the word out .
tr	PRES	 And Karla ? 
va	PRES	 Kill me ,  he begged .
tr	PRES	Her nervousness begins to waiver .
tr	PRES	 I think a big diamond ring comes first ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes .
te	PRES	Mia stares at me incredulously , her green eyes slightly unfocused .
va	PRES	My wife lies in bed and stares at the pickles being distorted by the yellow light of the lamp beside them on the nightstand .
tr	PRES	"It teaches them humility . """
tr	PRES	 What about your hobbies ? 
tr	PRES	Or a few dishes .
tr	PRES	She reached for the familiar balls , her fingertips gliding over the surfaces .
tr	PRES	" You wax eloquent , Coren , but talk doesn 't fill an empty stomach .
tr	PAST	 I was hatched from a pod , "" she joked ."
tr	PRES	' Ahhh , ' Cath sighs .
va	PRES	He reaches across the table and grabs two tall shot glasses from the eight that are circling the middle of the table .
tr	PRES	 Counter measures ? 
tr	PRES	 Well , share a couple of things ,  I urge him .
tr	PRES	" He hates to be reminded of the cost of all that help I gave him .
tr	PRES	No lies to tell .
tr	PRES	I assume I am talking to Tucker Wayne ? "
va	PRES	' Sure , Sarge .
tr	PRES	When they noticed I was aware of their behavior , they quickly averted their attention away from me .
tr	PRES	"My offer to you still stands , but only if you let me finish this loudmouth moron off . """
tr	PRES	She breathes with calmness as the single figure stands at her kneecaps in total handsomeness and awesomeness of six feet plus .
tr	PRES	He snorts to himself .
va	PRES	I absorb it in the way you already saw in the woods .
tr	PRES	"Let  s have some fun , "" Danica responds ."
tr	PRES	My mouth fel open , and I immediately searched Jared 's face for a reaction .
tr	PRES	Of course instinct tells me that 's not true .
va	PRES	 An abomination . 
va	PRES	Jacob motioned for us all to keep our places .
tr	PRES	 Fire jumping ? 
tr	PRES	As I stroke his cheek again , another young boy 's face flashes through my consciousness with eyes that are just as blue but sparkle like diamonds .
tr	PRES	" It kinda creeps up , like a cat trailing a squirrel .
tr	PAST	 Your wedding was already ruined because we were still married , "" Colin countered ."
tr	PRES	I teach English , too .
tr	PRES	We bathe often in a hidden stream north of Haven .
tr	PRES	The finality of it all bothers me and makes me think it and I are completely wrong .
tr	PRES	 Maybe you have ,  Joe teased .
tr	PRES	She explains and again , I take the lead .
tr	PRES	He frowns and squats on the reddish colored rock , touching the black dust , soft .
tr	PRES	Ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await .
va	PRES	My other hand slowly trails back down her stomach to give her cunt the attention it deserves .
te	PRES	Past the water that falls to the river , inside the cave of crystals that shiver .
te	PRES	I murmur , scooping up water in my hand to pour along her shoulders and collar bone as I hold her .
tr	PRES	 I don 't want you to die ,  she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Nobody remembers its name , or that it ever existed .
tr	PRES	18 Practice drags at a snail 's pace today .
tr	PRES	Damien joins me , while Zeke meets Trish and Anna in the cafeteria .
tr	PRES	" I just ... fuck .
tr	PAST	He bounced around the room , knocking into furniture and his brother and sister .
tr	PRES	One of the reporters pushes a microphone in front of me .
tr	PRES	Practically spitting the words .
tr	PAST	The plane finally taxied along the smooth runway .
tr	PRES	If Thiago sees you -  "" Thiago ? """
tr	PRES	He flips through the pages , and the love I see in his eyes makes my knees go weak .
tr	PRES	" That explains nothing , but okay .
tr	PAST	A sweep with a long rod inside the room revealed that there was a floor , apparently free of obstructions .
tr	PAST	The sick scent of death lingered as if waiting for the pending war .
tr	PRES	Henry crawls up and throws an arm around me , pul ing me in tight .
tr	PAST	Dan attempted a whisper back but his voice was too deep to be terribly quiet .
tr	PAST	Gruber exited the freeway and stopped at a gas station to wash his hands .
tr	PRES	He stops with less than an inch to spare between us .
tr	PAST	Brushing the hair out of his face , he squinted and then reached out to find the warm body of - The space beside him was empty .
tr	PAST	Her mind nearly exploded with scent and taste and sensation rocketing through their merged senses , their merged brains .
tr	PRES	She begins combing it out with a surprisingly light touch , given how clumsy and awkward she is .
tr	PRES	 You belong to me now , bitch ."
tr	PRES	 Low-level entities tend to favor werewolves , Sam . 
tr	PRES	"Everything that we do needs it , uses it . """
te	PRES	Lynn launches a plastic cup at him , which he deflects .
tr	PRES	 I just ... I love you ,  he whispers , not able to look at me .
va	PRES	 What the fuck ? 
tr	PRES	Everything barely fits on the coffee table .
tr	PRES	I swing my legs off the bed to stand , but the headache hammers my head hard and fast .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest and glare at him as he looks directly at me .
tr	PRES	Saul screwed his face up .
tr	PRES	" You actually healed the worst of them .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of the kitchen and knocked over a vase that was sitting on the counter .
tr	PRES	 Eleven , same as always . """
tr	PRES	Spinning around to determine the fate of his pursuer , the kid produces an audible squeak when he spots Link descending upon him .
tr	PRES	 Hey , Dad ,  I teased .
tr	PRES	I smack it down , trying to figure out where my folded arms should go .
tr	PRES	She deserves this happiness .
tr	PRES	My tablet and the paperwork I stole lies face up .
va	PRES	She flashes me a smile , but pauses .
tr	PRES	She 's the girl I love , because that little touch , it somehow helps .
tr	PRES	And his scumbag buddies ?
tr	PRES	He sat in a chair near the fire Julien had lit in the parlor , his socked feet resting on a stool .
tr	PRES	"But all of that is in the past ; Charlotte belongs here with me now . """
tr	PRES	 Full moon ,  she breathes the words as we progress towards the woods .
va	PRES	"Toronto , what kind of name is that for a city , anyways ? """
te	PRES	Whether for farmhands , relatives , or political supporters , the food cooks the same .
tr	PRES	 Then reveal to me your diabolical plot . 
tr	PRES	Alec kisses me on my cheek then pushes my bangs out of my eye .
tr	PRES	 Mend fences ? 
tr	PRES	Forty yards to go .
tr	PRES	Evie glances over at me with a crooked eyebrow .
tr	PRES	 For someone so small , you 're heavy , Stiff ,  he mutters .
te	PRES	He points over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	His hand frames my face , his eyes roam all over me .
tr	PRES	Looking into Adams ' eyes , Parks sees cold fury , and holds his tongue .
tr	PRES	The rest of the period passes quickly .
tr	PRES	Arn looked up to the glittering stars , just beginning to shine in the darkening sky , two moons also shone .
tr	PRES	Tony ... ' ' I 'm not Tony ! '
tr	PRES	 I think it does ,  I disagree , remembering how the detective tried to kill Raven with no remorse at all .
tr	PRES	He holds me silently while I think about the decision that isn 't even much of a decision anymore .
tr	PRES	Sean Kendrick holds my gaze a second longer , and then he strides away from the crowd .
tr	PRES	He holds up a hand to show she 's about as tall as his shoulder .
tr	PRES	"So much evil , so much ugliness among all this beauty . """
tr	PRES	A tear runs down my chin and splashes to the cold stone floor .
tr	PRES	I thrust my fingers inside , my hips bucking as I finger fuck myself with him watching , him wanting .
tr	PRES	 He carries the weight of the world on his shoulders , guilt as you wouldn 't believe . 
tr	PRES	Dressed in her oldest jeans next to Katherine 's supernova brilliance she felt invisible until Johnny noticed her albeit after he 'd smiled at Linda .
tr	PRES	" I recall it had been spoken that two worlds had been attacked .
tr	PAST	 No , "" He lied ."
tr	PRES	 What brings you down here at this time , My Lord ? 
va	PRES	 Payback 's a bitch ,  I mutter .
tr	PRES	"What a blessing , marrying so young . """
te	PRES	Sure she likes him , too .
te	PRES	"Also understandable , of course . """
tr	PRES	It drives them crazy in their spirit .
te	PRES	 No one else even approaches him . 
tr	PRES	My mouth tastes like dust .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes potatoes .
tr	PRES	' Aren 't they going to say anything to each other , Pol ? '
te	PRES	 Dad lets me . 
tr	PRES	He winks at her and she narrows her eyes .
tr	PRES	True happiness only requires a minute a day .
te	PRES	" Some of the stuff I said to you - about choices , being a vampire , and everything like that - Jesus .
tr	PAST	Josie cocked her head .
tr	PRES	It speeds out of me .
tr	PRES	 I assume Mamie wasn 't ? """
te	PRES	 Is Ms. Maddox a patient or relative of Dr. Southerland ? 
tr	PRES	" I was always hoping you 'd be able to graduate and find a passion beyond ...  "" Vampires ? """
tr	PRES	My dad never forgave me for being thrown out of the only institution he called heaven .
va	PRES	Before long , Nora raises her head .
tr	PRES	She really deserves to finally be happy .
tr	PRES	Except for the fact he said something , Noah appears asleep .
va	PRES	I snap my head in his direction to give him a glare so fiery I 'm surprised it doesn 't turn him to ash .
tr	PRES	"I mean , again , "" I add , looking at Grady ."
te	PRES	 Big Lee and Johnny . 
tr	PRES	Kai picks himself up too , shaking his head .
va	PRES	Steve explains his current predicament .
tr	PRES	Raven woke sobbing , her hands curling around Mikhail 's neck , clutching him to her , hot tears spilling onto his chest .
tr	PRES	 Abby ,  Riley breathes , rushing to me .
tr	PRES	They were training and being tested in various formations , some throwing spears , others hurling javelins , a few practicing their grips on lances .
tr	PRES	 If I don 't , you could always write a song about it ,  she teased .
tr	PRES	I lean into her .
tr	PRES	You must go , Mister Vimes .
tr	PRES	"Felt kinda good , actually ! """
tr	PRES	Landing solidly at the bottom , the impact flung them apart .
tr	PRES	Mara begins to open hers .
tr	PRES	"I value woman and wouldn 't want to play any games because I think they 're a treasure to us . """
tr	PRES	" With what , Lexi ?
tr	PAST	 I deluded myself into believing I could change you . """
tr	PRES	A deadlock binds the case as if it holds something valued enough to be sealed away .
tr	PRES	She throws herself at the world and is confident the world will catch her .
tr	PRES	Jonathan rises and pulls out my chair .
tr	PRES	By all means , let 's pile it on .
tr	PRES	Warmth spreads through my body and the desire to fuck something so I can come suddenly takes over my thoughts .
tr	PRES	"He ... respects you . """
tr	PRES	" You snuck out of the camp and you went to the city .
tr	PAST	So he dialed the number for Gene and Annie Laird , perhaps their oldest friends in town .
tr	PAST	Seeing no alternative , I scooted cautiously to the edge of the portico .
tr	PAST	Jack 's smile dimmed .
tr	PRES	The smell of her hair and perfume settle something deep inside .
tr	PRES	He deserves to know , but it won 't make a difference .
tr	PAST	Remorse and quiet despair washed through Bill in a wave .
tr	PAST	She knew it was Jason by his second message scribbled in the snowy moss :  Find me Kate ."
te	PRES	It carries no more threat than a child hiding in the garden .
tr	PRES	When a loved one dies , the survivor continues to be loved from Heaven .
tr	PRES	 Your officer is aboard ,  Blade 's voice states with surprise .
tr	PRES	 You are so beautiful ,  he whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	" Your sister trusts us .
tr	PRES	Then I crash into the door .
tr	PRES	And he loves her . "
te	PRES	 Between asking permission and begging forgiveness , I lean toward the latter . 
te	PRES	 Keep your eye on that one ,  Trick breathes into my ear .
tr	PRES	I add unafraid to his list .
va	PRES	Sebastian walked up to the start of the sign , the letters towering over him .
tr	PRES	" Well , that remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	Her heart overflowed with happiness .
tr	PAST	Across the street , a German officer lounged on a wrought iron chair .
tr	PRES	Her tires squeal as she tears out of the parking lot , and I 'm left standing barefoot and panting in a cloud of exhaust .
tr	PAST	He chugged the rest , wiping his mouth with his sleeve .
tr	PAST	His human ears flattened in a way human ears shouldn 't , and he backed away from her .
tr	PAST	The Queen ceased talking , and launched herself into a few offensive swipes and dashes .
tr	PRES	Her long bangs fel into her eyes as she procrastinated .
tr	PAST	 It takes a lot to make me come unglued , "" she stated with calm pride ."
tr	PRES	As if the years had stolen something precious from him .
tr	PRES	 No ,  I protest .
tr	PRES	He lets his forehead rest against mine .
tr	PRES	She passes me the wet towel .
tr	PRES	Gods , and again gods , always gods ... they had stolen her .
tr	PRES	He points to the desk , and I walk over .
va	PRES	 What brings you down to our sleepy little town today ? 
tr	PRES	 Cursing Abraham apparently . 
tr	PRES	The snakes slid over his ears , under his chin , past his nostrils , the bodies damp and slithering .
tr	PRES	Mr. Goodwin lays a hand on his shoulder .
va	PRES	 To threaten me to leave you . 
tr	PRES	Just pisses me off more .
tr	PRES	Her ass was softly pressing against his groin , her breasts resting against his forearm .
tr	PRES	" After the bad publicity in that Montana town , I overreacted .
tr	PAST	He pretended to laugh at a joke of mine and then whispered into my ear .
tr	PAST	 Got to be someone who doesn 't mind getting their hands messy ."
tr	PRES	" You ruined my life !
tr	PAST	 You lied to him . """
tr	PRES	Dana leans in between the seats .
tr	PRES	The door at the top of the stairs opens and light feet skip down them .
tr	PRES	 Only piss you off . 
va	PRES	Smiles Curios taking a drink .
va	PRES	The image commanding his attention ... piercing his very being .
tr	PRES	The excruciating pain rips through every nerve cell , but I do not care .
va	PRES	One struggles to his feet , while the other charges .
va	PRES	It somehow folds flat so that a whole room 's worth of computers fit into one bag .
tr	PRES	They salute me and Tyson extends his arm for me to link it with him .
tr	PRES	 I ah ... no thank you . 
te	PRES	He glances at me over his shoulder and smiles .
va	PRES	Sometimes she sees things that I have not .
tr	PRES	My mother snuck up behind me and reached her arm around me to shake his hand as well .
tr	PRES	 You don 't seem too pleased ,  he mutters darkly .
tr	PRES	But the things you describe , lights turning off , tripping and falling , etc. .
tr	PRES	She just never stops until she saves them .
tr	PRES	He pushes the parking brake in and checks his phone , shutting it off , and looking torn up .
te	PRES	 I 'm a wreck because of you ,  Devon mumbled .
tr	PRES	Sometimes a year or two passes between them .
tr	PRES	 On the main drag , a couple blocks west of here . 
tr	PRES	He nods his head in agreement with the plan and tells Dane and Monti to proceed .
tr	PRES	" Which explains their fear of anything made from silver .
tr	PAST	I trashed your cars , CBs and phones . "
tr	PRES	A pang of sorrow strikes my heart , and I remember how miserable and melancholy he was when I left home .
tr	PRES	Something wet rolls down my cheek .
tr	PRES	"The world changes a lot ; it 's hard to keep up . """
tr	PRES	"Nothing explains why it 's on this girl 's vid . """
tr	PRES	" And fourteen days .
tr	PAST	Pictures of her body , stripped and violated , repeatedly , achieved a horrible clarity , and she tried to push them away .
tr	PAST	I smacked it as I walked by him to go get my second cup of coffee .
tr	PAST	Besides the life they 'd inadvertently created , what power did he have over her ?
tr	PAST	Marguerite shrieked at the deep voice behind her .
tr	PRES	She brings a new spirit so they can exist . "
tr	PRES	"But when we leave a mess it tends to be a large one . """
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to the secret of the cards , where we get totally lost !
tr	PAST	Sure enough , out leaped six lean men -- lean except for one , who was broad-shouldered with a bit of a paunch .
tr	PAST	She actually accused me of putting the mushrooms in my own plate . "
tr	PRES	 Thought so ,  she whispers .
tr	PRES	"We 'll be too busy to lunch with Brent , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	" Hold on , buddy .
tr	PAST	The bartender hollered over to us ,  Hey !"
tr	PRES	 Sorry ,  he murmurs .
tr	PRES	I exhale then start the rotation completing the circle .
tr	PRES	"Arthur loves him . """
tr	PRES	"Wham , bam , let 's fuck ? """
tr	PRES	 A spy Ring ? 
tr	PRES	Women constantly in and out of his office , seeking solace in his legal strength , projecting hope on their attorney after betrayal , failed love .
tr	PRES	 She gifted to someone else . 
tr	PRES	He stops abruptly and holds up his fist , as he 's done several times in the last ten minutes .
tr	PRES	"A professional sex therapist . """
tr	PRES	And the mere name the Black Hand .
tr	PRES	" Sir Horace loves his old castle .
tr	PAST	As soon as she was spotted , the talk in the room died , each person nudging the person beside them to point out her presence .
tr	PRES	Jesse slides into the bleacher next to me , his leg pressing up against mine from hip to knee .
tr	PAST	 I knew I 'd heard someone shuffling around , "" stated the housekeeper , puffing her chest out with pride ."
tr	PRES	Her brows black and drawn in an angle of defiance .
tr	PRES	Just forty-five paces now ... but then , I saw that it was no use .
te	PRES	"For example , the last ad in the Times worries me because -- "" He broke off , for the encoding machine had groaned to a stop ."
tr	PRES	 I wish I knew , Tammie ,  he holds her hand firmly .
tr	PRES	Liam falls to his knees , hunched over , then takes a deep breath and stands again , like he is battling an inner demon .
te	PRES	Gideon looked up , meeting Kay 's gaze , his expression impassive as the werewolf drank .
tr	PRES	But no one enlightened him .
va	PRES	The prince froze , all but for his hand , which twitched involuntarily towards the hilt of his sword .
tr	PRES	 My associate deals with that . 
tr	PRES	" Not talking to me , eh ?
tr	PRES	 Right , "" mumbled Ted , sitting up ."
va	PRES	I sell all that stuff , too .
te	PRES	She meets my gaze head-on , her back very straight , her mouth very tight .
tr	PRES	 You probably don 't remember me ,  she begins the confrontation .
tr	PRES	" Whenever a serial killer is caught , he blames the voice in his head ... .
tr	PRES	 Well , then , let 's feed you . """
tr	PRES	"And that 's when she snapped , "" Gods ... you idiot . """
tr	PRES	 Trent ... don 't ... ,  Yuri begged .
va	PRES	Change and go wash your hands .
tr	PRES	Mom sighs loudly and we all look at her .
va	PRES	 The X Women ? 
tr	PRES	The teeth shone like the dawn , but they were sharp and strong .
te	PRES	 Did she confess ? 
tr	PRES	He glances over at me , squinting to see me in the shadows .
va	PRES	But Adam stops me instead .
tr	PRES	 The one with the blue ribbon ! 
tr	PRES	The genuineness of their shared misery strikes me .
tr	PRES	 Uh , thanks for talking about me like I 'm not here ,  I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Kira stands next to me , wearing something different than she had on at school .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know she 's an Influencer .
tr	PRES	But yet , the rotten apples still linger on the tree . "
tr	PRES	She lets the question hang in the air .
tr	PRES	 Keep it together , Claire ,  I murmur , and grab a handful of paper towels from the dispenser .
te	PRES	 No ,  she begged , but he was gone .
va	PRES	 My son-in-law . 
va	PRES	His grin matches the vibrant colours of his sombrero .
tr	PRES	Kira holds up her hand and draws a circle in the air with her finger .
tr	PRES	A wedding picture hung on the wall , the bride clearly Lydia .
tr	PRES	The City Circle runs over , spills people down the side streets .
tr	PRES	What a truly royal treat !
va	PRES	He stops there and people start asking him questions .
tr	PRES	Shelton tries to take Adam , to calm him .
va	PRES	"Such a shame . """
tr	PRES	Malcolm clutches his forehead .
tr	PRES	 Or hyenas , or wild boar , or monkeys , I assume . 
tr	PRES	"My call transfers directly to voice mail . """
va	PRES	"Especial y weapons . """
va	PRES	"Your quarters , on the other hand - "" "" Use my room ? """
tr	PRES	" The art museum .
te	PRES	 While you 're wearing your shirt and tie , and I 'm wearing nothing but socks . """
tr	PRES	Each one of these unions carries with them uniquely different agendas and social expectations .
tr	PRES	Dham disappears into the back garden .
tr	PRES	She begins to tug at it but it will not come out .
tr	PRES	She likes to go early on Tuesdays .
tr	PRES	 Uh , see you guys at dinner , I guess ,  he mutters , before closing the door .
va	PRES	My hand reaches to the floorboard , exploring , and the world halts .
te	PRES	He holds out his hand for the phone .
tr	PRES	The sensation shoots through him in a crippling wave that takes his breath away .
tr	PRES	Isaiah opens my car door and his warm silver eyes smile at me .
va	PRES	 Please just ... spare my sister ...  Tears choke her ; she can hardly breathe anymore .
va	PRES	He bites his lip and follows me to the baking aisle .
tr	PRES	Sean releases the kite and I turn and run forward .
tr	PRES	Jared immediately pul ed out his phone and dialed Claire 's number .
tr	PRES	The faint rumble of his voice .
tr	PRES	He flips me onto my back and climbs on top of me , his body pressing heavily against mine .
te	PRES	 At your reception . 
tr	PRES	Physical touch from another vampire helps sooth the human still in them down .
tr	PRES	But through it all , a single thread matches , connecting here to that wad of cloth .
tr	PRES	 Smell Viola ,  he barks , jumping off the other side .
te	PRES	Like , if you stray out of your stable emotional range , something changes with your ability .
tr	PRES	 Security services ? 
tr	PRES	Fry never shows up .
tr	PRES	"Hell , knowing you , half the hospital probably owes you a favor . """
tr	PRES	* * * Lucy Ann hated weddings .
tr	PRES	I occasionally teach a course in history for inmates pursuing their high school equivalency diplomas .
tr	PRES	 About a half mile that way . 
tr	PRES	 Hunter and his cutie pie , Tiffany . 
tr	PRES	So you screwed some guys .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and hands me a tiny , heart-shaped charm .
tr	PRES	 She really likes you . 
tr	PRES	Lily lets out an evil laugh .
tr	PRES	The teacher stares at me .
tr	PRES	He sighs and elaborates .
tr	PRES	She remembered that cool detachment from their youth , the icy ruthlessness that had lured women and reckless gamblers alike .
tr	PRES	"Your bodies belong to the Void . """
tr	PRES	He puffs the cigar again and goes on .
tr	PRES	"Staring deep into my eyes , he whispered , "" Please don 't go , Angel ."
tr	PRES	 Your cloak ? 
tr	PRES	 I 'll be tasting this soon ,  he whispers , teasing my entrance with one fingertip .
tr	PRES	I prefer bright colors .
tr	PRES	" Yeah I know ,  Jon replies ... "" the whole first name thing can take some getting used to ."
tr	PRES	It even hurts me to watch .
tr	PRES	His hand pushes in softly against the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	a man roars , leading a group of twenty or so off the main road toward the produce section .
tr	PRES	The nurse said something to her , and Kelsey nodded limply , her face expressionless .
tr	PRES	 You sing ? 
te	PRES	"Just bugger off ? """
tr	PRES	"Then she gazes at me , saying , "" And it worked , Anna ! """
tr	PRES	 No human being should be entitled to another person ,  I snap .
te	PRES	"Your willingness to take the ultimate challenge and take the risk to succeed deserves our eternal gratitude . """
tr	PRES	My life and work here fills my time now .
tr	PRES	The bite either kills you ... or changes you .
tr	PRES	" Do not worry , beloved .
tr	PRES	 Lie on your stomach , sweetheart ."
tr	PRES	" You assume correctly ; Yin and Yang were fine , as were the other three Werewolves standing in the Pit .
tr	PAST	Tonight she preferred to deal with hard facts .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and eased her over to the bed and gently lowered her to the mattress .
tr	PAST	Ronan inched his way around the smoldering pile of demons and kicked some aside so he could peer into the cage .
tr	PAST	He provided financially for us , we had a home , and when I wanted another child , he was always willing to help me with that .
tr	PRES	Everything about his current situation stank , but he was determined to figure it out and survive .
tr	PRES	Ha ha ha ! "
tr	PRES	"Did it ever occur to you to ask who it was ? """
te	PRES	" I love you , Becks .
tr	PAST	Someone from the mission blamed him ... all of them .
tr	PRES	Cameron sees , he wants , he takes , and he is done . "
tr	PRES	 Such wrath ! 
va	PRES	We all pile in the room and it really is a sight to see .
tr	PRES	"Aunt Wisdom buys her groceries at WalMart in Whistler 's Gulch . """
tr	PRES	Maybe someone spiked my drink .
tr	PRES	 What project ? 
va	PRES	Toby braced himself , ' Yes , sir .
tr	PRES	I crave the luxuries , not that I can afford them .
tr	PRES	Mara lifted her head , nostrils flaring , but said nothing .
tr	PRES	He releases his hold on her .
tr	PRES	He accepts their calls and listens , mumbling into the phone when they ask questions .
tr	PRES	Her presence washes over me .
tr	PRES	Staying where he is , he softly pinches my clit with two fingers , and I close my eyes and bite back a moan .
tr	PRES	The doctor picks up the vial and takes a pen out of her pocket to write on its small white label .
tr	PRES	The bike slows to a crawl and I stop a few houses down from my parents .
te	PRES	 He swears she is here to help Shay find the truth of her curse . 
tr	PRES	Marked in chalk , the words shone on the cobblestones , just a few steps from the door of the Marco Polo high .
te	PRES	I yell angrily , unable to look at him .
tr	PRES	 Look how pretty Araby is ,  Elise announces loudly .
tr	PRES	No sense in setting off the smoke alarms .
te	PRES	I ken that , too . '
tr	PRES	Andrea scented him , though , male musk and anger .
te	PRES	Panic washes over me .
tr	PRES	She reaches down to touch her belly .
tr	PRES	"They belong here ! """
tr	PRES	 So ... you and Cooper ? 
tr	PRES	That stalls my tongue .
tr	PRES	"Dane holds up the snake and yells , "" I killed a snake . """
te	PRES	" Unless we 're looking at this backwards .
tr	PRES	Yet this time her eyes shone with conviction .
tr	PAST	The dark morning sky invaded the living room inviting him to look closer .
tr	PRES	 English peas ? """
tr	PRES	Lucretia laughed at his anger , her dark chuckles mirroring the ones coming out of Vivian 's mouth .
tr	PRES	 God dammit , I can 't do this ,  I mutter , kicking at the dirt .
te	PRES	Doc favors me with a piercing look .
tr	PRES	His question sends both our eyes toward the small slot in the door .
te	PRES	No one suspects me .
va	PRES	That tips Blanche over the edge .
te	PRES	So we trained in secret these days , no daylight matches .
tr	PRES	He felt her body tense , the fear invade , her heart picking up the pace as her hand resisted its ascent .
tr	PRES	" Not to leave us panicking .
tr	PRES	 Over here , "" I shout ."
tr	PRES	"He probably wishes he had a normal owner instead of getting stuck with me . """
tr	PRES	He shook me violently , my head rattling .
tr	PRES	" Of course , silly .
tr	PRES	At first Caleb tries to stand behind us , but Tobias pushes him forward , right up to the edge of the car .
tr	PRES	I recall that the prints on the car boot were strong but had areas with virtually no profile at all .
tr	PAST	She cringed to think what he kept in his living room or dining room , areas where they might have a place of honor !
tr	PRES	 Hot in there , "" he states with a serious expression ."
tr	PRES	"Dominic "" Savannah ! """
tr	PRES	 Isn 't that illegal ? 
va	PRES	We settle into soft chairs near the window .
tr	PRES	He removes the scarfs from all of our mouths and sits down right in front of us .
tr	PRES	And this place stank .
va	PRES	My tablet vibrates and a new schedule reminder pops up on the screen .
tr	PRES	 Lissa , can you take these to the city morgue ? 
tr	PRES	And with it , the urge to hunt , to feed , to kill .
tr	PRES	She uses everyone around her .
te	PRES	Still visibly upset , Molly relaxes somewhat and answers the question .
tr	PRES	Her eyes flit to Ervin , who was just sent sprawling across the sand with claw marks raked across his chest .
tr	PRES	The smile fades from his eyes as he begins his performance .
te	PRES	"And we -- we are just as much prey for them as you are . """
tr	PRES	Various camera feeds from around the city are on display , archived footage from this morning frozen in time .
tr	PRES	The young man reclaimed his knife and slipped it back into its sheath .
tr	PRES	 You know who I am ,  Enzo replies in a clear voice .
tr	PRES	[ He flashes that effervescent smile in Emily 's direction ] Isn 't it Emily my love ?
va	PRES	"Poor burnt Bill . """
tr	PRES	' What a shame . '
tr	PRES	I snuck around to the outside staircase at the back of the building .
tr	PRES	I wince internally at my cruel tone but am relieved at how she barely flinches .
tr	PRES	But a need to taste her completely compelled him .
tr	PRES	 Option B ? 
tr	PRES	Jones spears through me with a viral look that says he knows far more than he 's letting on .
tr	PRES	 Noah Wilson Reid ! 
tr	PRES	She stops at the bookshelf and reaches her hand inside the vase and pulls out a star , then turns and walks back to the front door .
va	PRES	Assessing the remaining wounds inflicted , the hero finally begins to understand the severity of the situation .
te	PRES	Had she just giggled ... like a girl ?
te	PRES	 No one likes to be rejected , Mad . 
va	PRES	Timothy enters the lab that night and sees Teri , the security guard , patrolling the hallways .
tr	PRES	 I 'll see you later ,  he mutters .
tr	PRES	 I believe Zoey said for you to stay ,  Elijah the head butting Giant said smiling down at him .
tr	PRES	 Leave them ,  A voice booms in her head , almost causing her to lose her balance and fall to the ground .
te	PRES	She reaches over to the nearest canvas and tugs off the sheet .
va	PRES	Her nervous little glances .
te	PRES	She reaches high , so high , followed in every movement by the strings as if they are at her command .
tr	PRES	He reaches into a cabinet and pulls out a pan , then walks to the sink and fills it with water .
tr	PRES	 Start with an elephant and you might be able to resurrect a woolly mammoth out of its genes ,  Kendall mumbled aloud .
tr	PRES	" About that day ... the day you ...  "" Threw myself out the window , "" she finishes for me bluntly ."
tr	PRES	 And he accepts me the way I am . 
tr	PRES	she whispers , eyes wide .
tr	PRES	Izzy lets out a sob before she composes herself .
tr	PRES	" Lie about other things , but no ' about this .
tr	PRES	The baby giggles and tries to bite off one of the demon master 's fingers .
tr	PRES	You 're not doing them any favors by getting in the way .
tr	PAST	Jenny collected her clothing from where it had been placed in one of the wooden crates , alongside the clothes of the other volunteers .
tr	PAST	The tall , lanky sailor slapped John on the back , and then leapt over the side of the crow 's nest .
tr	PAST	Deep down , I stifled the mindboggling pulse of familiarity that warmed in my chest .
tr	PAST	Conjure and Hairy emerged from below .
tr	PAST	Staring wide-eyed , unwilling to touch them , she volunteered ,  One is Pa 's , Marshall ."
tr	PRES	"Somebody with similar , ah , abilities . """
tr	PRES	" You scare me , too , babe .
tr	PAST	A whole civilization collapsed back into the stone age in about ten years .
tr	PAST	I tidied up , no longer in the mood for literary pursuits , and spent the next couple of hours cleaning house and baking cookies .
tr	PAST	Her heart sped up and suddenly she couldn 't breathe .
tr	PAST	Damon sat very stil and watched her go , his eyes hooded .
tr	PRES	If that helps . "
tr	PRES	 I can 't believe he 'd do that ... say something like that ,  I mumbled into the fabric of her shirt .
tr	PRES	She lets out her breath and lies against the cot , staring up at the low wooden ceiling .
te	PRES	 The law helps with that sort of thing these days , does it ? 
tr	PRES	He continues with long , languid strokes of his lips on my neck , and then he sucks ever so gently on my earlobe .
va	PRES	" It belongs to all Nephilim .
tr	PRES	She pops another one into her mouth , chews enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	 You 're really serious about this girl , "" she accused , staring up at me with her big blue eyes ."
tr	PRES	The man throws the dynamite into the tunnel and we all hastily retreat .
tr	PRES	From the same pocket , he pul ed a second slightly bigger gun .
tr	PRES	The third period begins .
tr	PRES	 The Cabrera fan ? 
tr	PRES	I twirl around to find Jack Goodwin .
tr	PRES	 I might kill him right now ,  Adam changes his mind .
va	PRES	"Can someone sell property with conditions attached ? """
tr	PRES	I dreaded that every day I might come home and you 'd tell me you remember everything and then leave me .
tr	PRES	He flung his arms out wildly and pointed at the body .
tr	PRES	' Garnier keeps mainly to his quarters inside the hospital , though he leaves occasionally to inspect his patients .
tr	PRES	The lights on the bridge spiked the infrared signal instantly .
te	PRES	I yell , the storm raging and rushing through me , the wind stirring up my guilt .
tr	PRES	On this day we celebrate your victory in the Clan war .
tr	PRES	Silk clung to her damp skin , her shorts and shirt already baring a tempting stretch of arms and legs .
tr	PRES	 Marry her ,  Simon replied , his voice actually jovial .
tr	PRES	 None of us knows that ,  Gabe mumbled .
tr	PRES	the stranger said , leaning forward , his hands resting on the desk .
tr	PRES	I flap my hands .
tr	PRES	She throws herself into my arms .
va	PRES	A horrible smell reaches me , and I wrinkle my nose .
tr	PRES	I snuck in after everyone had left .
tr	PRES	Her long dark bangs hooded equally dark eyes .
tr	PRES	Calder 's voice draws my eyes up from the bookshelf I 'm attempting to assemble .
tr	PRES	" Turns shadows into monsters .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Raining Wizards The future is not wrought in stone , but flows in water .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the dishes , put them in the dishwasher , and wiped down the already clean counter .
tr	PAST	He cringed inwardly , but placed a nice smile on his face and thanked her as he walked toward the elevator door .
tr	PRES	Dean enters the kitchen .
tr	PRES	 Your fans await . """
te	PRES	' You hid it in the manger ? '
va	PRES	" That brings me to my next question .
tr	PAST	None of the marks here matched the three she 'd spotted at Xavier 's murder site , but there had to be some connection .
tr	PRES	But even as I do , the fog begins to overtake me and turn to red .
tr	PRES	 And you stink ."
te	PRES	"Now , if you follow me and take your seats in the auditorium . """
tr	PRES	The sun , warm despite the December day , shone down on everything , and the air hummed with birdsong , splashing water , and soft conversation .
te	PRES	Oh God teach us how to know the last word of the story without the abrupt finish .
tr	PRES	 And what brings you up to Wuthering Heights ? 
tr	PRES	It presses against my chest to make it hard to breathe .
tr	PRES	"But on Halloween she likes to plant a few zombies in her audience just for fun , and let me tell you those monsters look real . """
tr	PRES	He folds his hands behind his back and sticks his chin up .
