tr	NN	The knight jumped off his shoulder and smacked a claw off .
te	NN	There was a festival on Sixth and Market Street , and the area was crowded with pedestrians .
tr	NN	 Yes ,  the witness answered , chaffing against the restraint of a one-word answer .
tr	NN	She eases back into an upright position , turning her eye array toward the selection of leftovers the sculptor has favored her with this morning .
tr	NN	The operator reported that the phone must be off the hook .
tr	NN	The truck description and plate prefix matches Jansen 's .
te	NN	My analysis gave me roughly one hundred and thirty-two possibilities .
tr	NN	The red head mercenary arrived within a day .
tr	NN	 Local police are calling the killings the work of a serial killer ,  the reporter said .
tr	NN	" That man 's career was too ' important ' for the bastard to make time for your wedding .
tr	NNS	 Things you don 't want to happen will , and you 'll have to be a part of it ."
tr	NN	The chaos made her feel utterly hopeless .
tr	NN	There was still the possibility that this was all subterfuge .
te	NN	Part of him wondered why the rest of the world should seem so beautiful , so pristine .
tr	NN	Human soil is upon us as I marvel at the remarkable view of my world .
tr	NN	But football and swimming dress out at the same time .
tr	NN	A gleam of triumph lit his eyes and those carved lips kicked up a notch .
va	NN	"Our goal is to preserve human live . """
tr	NN	The sheriff complied grudgingly , but he let us know as he walked us to the Forester that he 'd be watching us .
tr	NN	As I had feared , this powerful technique was too destructive .
tr	NN	The pilot greeted us and then we settled into the luxurious seats , buckling our seatbelts .
tr	NN	The private investigator is working .
tr	NN	The tremble in my voice betrays me .
tr	NN	It was as Marcus said , all that mattered was that the two of them would be together .
tr	NN	The cable looped down with her , finally wrenching from her hand .
tr	NN	His birthmark brightened and spread more , covering almost all of his face .
tr	NN	 Fine ,  said the unicorn .
tr	NN	There was a crash and water arced all around .
tr	NN	 The cafeteria or the bedrooms . 
tr	NN	 A new development has cropped up , and I want you to see it . 
tr	NN	Behind that laid a pair of goggles , mandatory equipment for investigating the occasional chemical spills .
va	NN	Alana 's spine stiffened .
te	NN	But , hey , if you ever feel like a chat , just come and find me .
tr	NN	 Apologies if I failed to properly introduce myself ,  said the Gypsy leader .
tr	NN	Chance had stood there while pain and horror flashed across Gwen 's face .
tr	NN	The graveyard just kept going in circles .
te	NN	Memory is the first thing that goes .
va	NN	The warrior did not speak , but climbed down into his chair again .
tr	NN	Her grandmother didn 't seem to know about digital .
va	NN	The jolt of recognition seemed to bring the world to a staggering halt .
tr	NN	Miss Wilkinson 's embrace eased and he looked up to her face seeing tears of her own .
tr	NN	There 's a playful quirk in his brow .
tr	NN	And the long glint of metal swords drooping from their hands .
te	NN	The chase was on .
tr	NN	"After a thoughtful moment , the captain said , "" What 's say you and me take a walk laddie ."
tr	NN	Their writing was of a much more complex nature and Jason was unable to comprehend its meaning .
tr	NN	The dragon groaned , the sound of it rippling through her .
tr	NN	Her impish twin crinkled her nose with an unspoken sorry .
tr	NN	The concept of peace implodes when We are not one with Them .
tr	NN	And then there was that scare , when they thought they 'd lose Callie , another friend , to liver disease .
tr	NN	When investigators finally unravelled the clues , the breadth and detail of the attacks shocked them .
tr	NN	Before she could answer , a vivacious brunette bounced in between them and wrapped her arms around Cooper .
tr	NN	 Please ,  I gasped , every nerve on fire with want .
tr	NN	A freighter had turned from the shipping lanes and was heading straight towards the Secretariat building .
tr	NN	A balcony spanned the entire length of the second floor .
tr	NN	The Republican candidate won in a close race , and the recount still gave the Republican a victory .
tr	NN	 The challenge will be keeping them lit ! 
tr	NN	Such a condition would plainly satisfy the more inquisitive and was reason enough for our separation .
tr	NN	 Then , we will be married ,  the captain suggested .
tr	NN	They carried what they could , the blankets and coats Cate had grabbed , the first-aid box Cal had left behind .
tr	NN	A layer of stone grew over my heart and encased it in bitterness .
tr	NN	 Where 's their lair ? 
tr	NN	Each thrust sent shock waves though my body , amplifying everything until I screamed with pleasure .
tr	NN	He went still , the predator roused to sharp , utter attention .
tr	NN	The flinty soil of the plateaus stretched nearly devoid of greenery , but ample pools of captured rainwater lay deep and clear .
va	NN	The dwarf grunted her agreement , put down her boxes , and started unpacking them .
te	NN	The whistle was quick , and the shot came at him , straight at him !
tr	NN	Their sergeant had survived six .
te	NN	The badge on the front proudly declared it a Ford .
te	NN	The pilot seemed to be landing in the water , a couple of hundred yards from it .
tr	NN	The loud bang of a gunshot ringing out in the distance .
tr	NN	The priest pounced like a starving animal , clear across the bar and onto Ralf with a ragged , gurgling roar .
tr	NN	My goal is for Jolene to be as excited about this addition to our family as we are .
te	NN	The logo was confusing , too fussy .
va	NN	" So , your captain said that you 're having some trouble , Jeff .
tr	NN	The dimple of pressure just below my solar plexus eases a little .
tr	NN	 You should feel honored , human , "" a familiar southern drawl called out to Zoe ."
tr	NN	The dragon 's tail slammed down in front of Izzy .
te	NN	Her accent was generically southern .
te	NN	' The recording isn 't great , but the songs are .
tr	NN	The score lay on the seat beside Domenico ; he played from memory .
tr	NN	The Queen burst out laughing , and immediately , the courtiers copied her mirth .
tr	NN	The pavement just outside Adam 's circle had turned dark and soft .
tr	NN	And yet , his low baritone emerged , filling the room , giving Nicola this final piece of himself .
tr	NN	My hunger was ruling my brain as well as my good sense .
tr	NN	The dwarf yelped with pain , so I stabbed her again , trying to hit her femoral artery so she 'd bleed out .
tr	NN	 There 's a revolution on in Spain right now you know . 
tr	NN	The smaller plaque next to Sarah 's said , Lord Hart Graham Mackenzie , Beloved Son , June 7 , 1876 .
te	NN	The hypnotherapy session was to take place in the Santa Clara County Jail , in an interrogation room .
te	NN	So much freaking love .
tr	NN	Its prow crashed into the dock , shaking the whole wharf .
tr	NN	The injury stung , but it wouldn 't kill him , and in a couple of days , there would be nothing left except four tiny scars .
tr	NN	The ominous vehicle pulled to a stop in the exact center of the square , but the Lord Ruler himself remained inside .
tr	NN	The hint of concern in his voice caused mine to shake .
te	NN	But then the door clicked closed and I was sure he 'd gone .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the squad leader stops and puts his fist up , halting the group .
tr	NN	The bastard apparently wasn 't wasting any time making his move on Marianna now that she was a free woman .
te	NN	Part of him felt he had earned her love more fully since he became a better provider .
tr	NN	In his , hesitation and fear lingered and I knew he was afraid that she had not forgiven him .
va	NN	The troll looked thoughtfully at the roof , and blew out more smoke .
tr	NN	Rome 's Revolution takes place in the 35th century which certainly qualifies as the future .
te	NN	The surge of rage , of the need for violent action , swirled to the surface .
tr	NN	"That fellow on the left has had his nose broken at least once . """
te	NN	Couldn 't still the agitation twitching all the muscles in my body .
tr	NN	"Apparently , the term , "" a few minutes , "" was not in her vocabulary ."
tr	NN	The dwarfs find it .
tr	NN	The crash had thrown Allie clear out of the girl 's body .
tr	NN	 What would a thief want with a pillow ? 
tr	NN	Jazz stood and held up two fingers .
tr	NN	The elder insisted he not be taken off to some clinic or hospital , but that they make this service into a final one for him .
va	NN	"The den is not it . """
tr	NN	My speech had the desired effect and all four boys struggled to sit up a little straighter .
tr	NN	As if it 's trying to argue my point , the snake rattles its tail and its broken body writhes .
va	NN	The gargoyle was still staring , as though he were wondering how anybody could look that dorky .
te	NN	The sage gestured with his eyes toward her feet .
tr	NN	With all stealth abandoned , the bearded hunter followed the trail of purple without missing a step .
tr	NN	A clamor resulted as his hammers battered another , even as a multitude of merciless blades penetrated his furry robes .
tr	NN	The tarp came off and Bruce was silhouetted against the night sky .
tr	NN	" There is no backing out , Prudence .
tr	NNS	Sergei 's eyelids twitched and his eyes went wide when he saw me .
tr	NNS	Those friendly prickles spread across my chest again as Adam 's fingers moved a little , reminding me he still held my elbow .
tr	NN	 A busy city square didn 't seem the right place for the revelation . """
tr	NN	An enormous puff of dust erupted into the air , like the noxious breath of a belching giant .
tr	NN	Slide , scrape , crunch , tap .
tr	NN	My eyes flutter shut as I lifted onto my tiptoes and kissed him .
va	NN	The pit went on for miles and at the bottom fires spouted and lava burned in a raging pool .
tr	NN	Her uncle had been tortured the hours and days that Isis lay cold .
va	NN	His chuckle brushed over her skin as he shifted to tug the sweatshirt over her head .
tr	NN	Her hatred of being alone had caught up to her and slowly drove her insane .
tr	NN	The cupboard , stacked with canned foods , offered little in the way of ideas .
tr	NN	Not long after that , partial paralysis began to set in , and Zachariah became disabled before he had learned to walk .
tr	NN	When I started Revolution Wrestling , there was no demand for a second national promotion .
tr	NN	The Ojibwe tribe believed that eagles were prayer messengers .
tr	NN	Riddick glanced at Waters , then held his arms towards Tanya .
tr	NN	That agenda is total control .
tr	NN	My other riding boot stood in the middle of the hallway near my bedroom door .
tr	NN	The singer checked the tuning of his guitar while the other guy moved from the keyboard and picked up the electric guitar .
tr	NN	A firm determination emanated from him which heightened when the figure stepped from the darkness his mere existence seemed to create .
tr	NN	Her pager goes off and I know Jeff was too late .
tr	NN	There was a grove of aspens on the far side , their trunks the color of new snow .
va	NN	 The maximum security one down the road . 
tr	NN	Then , the raging and yelling and the begging , as it gave way to cracking bones and gurgling blood .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to see if he 's the real deal .
tr	NN	The Indigo Man stopped .
tr	NN	What is the progress of the investigation ?
tr	NN	"Her chef still comes fer supplies , an ' he ain 't said anythin ' about her bein ' unwell . """
tr	NN	" But there is so much uncertainty in my life right now .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was much too quiet .
tr	NNS	 How frequent were these episodes ? """
tr	NN	I enjoy our games C the hunt , the traps , the fights .
tr	NN	The lack of introductions was odd , but with all of the tension , it wasn 't the biggest oversight .
tr	NN	The thud brought Laila 's attention around , and her twin burst out laughing .
tr	NN	The goddess didn 't face him when he reached her , but traced a fingertip along a thin , jagged groove in the middle stone .
tr	NN	The van looked as if it was doing a little dance on its own and at the same time , making strange little noises .
tr	NN	His horrific screams filled the air as he fell and started tumbling down the stairs .
tr	NN	There was no other option .
tr	NN	Even the sheriff is nice .
tr	NN	And the difficulty was only just beginning .
tr	NN	The EOD agent had grabbed her and pushed her behind him .
tr	NN	And the snake flinched !
va	NN	", for heaven 's sake ! """
tr	NN	And throughout the rest of their talk , her ignorance of the technique of general conversation gave a curious and disquieting quality to the whole scene .
te	NN	The scariest among the many things in his journal was how the forest nymph 's intentions to human beings .
tr	NN	Though his words were calm , his heartbeat galloped in her ear .
tr	NN	That idiot could not have figured that out , that little touch was mine .
tr	NN	The tip cut through the rope that hung her from the tree , and she dropped .
te	NN	He 's asking him if he is hungry , is the milk good , and so forth .
tr	NN	My goal was to sound professional and completely unaffected by his voice .
tr	NN	James Barr 's medical condition was the complicating factor .
tr	NN	The bastard let out an ear-splitting scream and fell towards me .
tr	NN	So , the government killed my father , mother and brother .
tr	NN	The lifeboat had almost reached the exit !
tr	NN	The leader descended from the platform and moved forward through the crowd , his sickly eyes scanning my face as if reading something on it .
tr	NN	" The novice works for the councilor .
tr	NN	 That wont do anything . """
tr	NN	A simple stroke over his hard , high cheekbone , but his choppy admission flowed like poetry over her heart .
tr	NN	After that , his outlook soured into one of bitterness and anger .
tr	NN	An eternity passed before either moved .
tr	NN	Suddenly Bo 's charming exterior took on a different shading .
tr	NN	The hot , wet swirl of his tongue combined with the magic of his touch made her back bow and her belly contract .
tr	NN	"The captain was also their minister , and no man was allowed to command unless he had received theological training . """
te	NN	But the clothing had been decaying and out in the woods for many , many years .
tr	NN	Their arrival would allow the enemy to consider attacking the island in full battle strength .
tr	NN	There was a very large flat screen television mounted to the wall .
tr	NN	The only option was to work methodically backward .
tr	NN	 Okay , let 's move ,  the soldier said to Tolland .
tr	NN	The old angel stepped up to them , stalling their departure .
tr	NN	The priest started with sudden understanding .
tr	NN	The chaos of over two thousand worshippers became a chorus orchestrated by someone other than the people themselves .
tr	NN	Instead of white , the van was a charred greyish brown .
tr	NN	 Your daddy is a banker and you finished college , and I 'm just a mechanic . 
va	NN	The whistle faded away , and the guns remained mercifully silent .
te	NN	The modern pharmaceutical industry cares not whether it does good or harm just so that its makes a huge profit .
tr	NN	"Nobody else got away . """
tr	NN	Yet as she rounded the curve of a low hill , a red heap swept into the light .
tr	NN	No good deed truly goes unpunished .
va	NN	Sitting across from him was a very adult , beautiful woman that was a bit red-faced at her oversight .
va	NN	Link grabbed her shoulders .
tr	NN	The beacon was much brighter now and the voice recognizable .
tr	NN	 A Kappa pledge just told his whole house we hooked up in a hayloft . 
tr	NN	My gratitude must have taken her aback , because she didn 't say anything for a few seconds .
tr	NN	The presentation started with stolen pictures of her when she 's still young .
va	NN	The control panel explodes in a waterfall of sparks .
tr	NN	The gold coin twisted apart into two separate pieces , each one with a series of numbers and letters engraved into their surfaces .
tr	NN	Nobody knows for sure what happened to it after that .
tr	NN	Finally , her warrior pulled the bow around his body to lie diagonally across his back .
tr	NN	Confusion smoothed from her face .
te	NN	A dusty haze settled on the city , turning orange in the setting sun .
tr	NN	Even though it was quite chilly outside , a full-blooded Warden 's body temperature ran higher than humans ' or even mine .
tr	NN	The garage was full of a wide array of exercise equipment , and weapons .
te	NN	"My uncle took mother in and sent me off to school . """
tr	NN	The headlight sliced through blackness , the Texas night vast .
tr	NN	Long , brown , with uneven black circles all over its body , the reptile appeared to be a python .
va	NN	A knob , a lever , a crevice , a button , but she felt only cold stone .
tr	NN	By the time he 'd gone off to college the rebel pattern had become a habit .
tr	NN	The senator had stunned her with his unprovoked admission that he was meeting with space companies and accepting money .
tr	NN	A more basic and slower hyper dive along with gallons upon gallons of rocket fuel .
te	NN	The terror that had been on her face when the other man touched her leg slowly morphed into relief at his arrival .
tr	NN	Sam 's discomfort was catching , and my smile felt insincere .
tr	NN	When they met face to face , the squirrel jumped over the rabbit and kept on going .
tr	NN	The gap drew nearer .
tr	NN	The carpet was beyond office quality , and the furnishings were custom built , not assembled .
tr	NN	The art on the walls were beautiful masterworks , yet every painting depicted a scene of horrific brutality .
va	NN	Her incredulity rose with his every word .
tr	NN	A lean gentleman with kind features stepped forward and offered Rebecca a bow .
tr	NN	The captain blanched , but after a moment nodded his head .
te	NN	The tin reached him .
tr	NN	His stamp was on every piece of furniture , artwork .
tr	NN	The chimney extended down to other levels , but layers of iron bars had been inserted below this point to forbid access .
tr	NN	An unexpected paranoia washed over me .
tr	NN	 I can have three arrows in the air at the same time ,  the fellow shrugged .
tr	NN	The hot liquid smelled strongly of herbs , making my eyes water .
tr	NN	 Come in ,  the sage called out .
tr	NN	The bus gave a sudden jerk to the side and fog began to swarm beneath the cracks and crevasses of the doors and windows .
tr	NN	The bullet ricocheted from the elevator doors with a metallic clang .
tr	NN	The long pink gown , studded with hundreds of rhinestones on the strapless bodice , flowed behind her , making her feel like a princess .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes was disturbing .
tr	NN	Still , her rescuer had no pockets whether dragon or man , so where did he get this from ?
te	NN	From out of the mist , a small canoe made its way toward them .
tr	NN	The same concept applied to humans is exactly what the zombie apocalypse entails .
tr	NN	A yellow Mustang squealed to a halt as I crossed .
tr	NN	The ice dragon shuddered once again , and twisted away , dripping .
tr	NN	The bitch kept saying she was sorry to her boyfriend , begging him not to leave her .
te	NN	 Well ... goodnight Ari . 
tr	NN	 Then your teacher will have failed and we will begin again . 
tr	NN	 And how is the underworld this time of year ? 
tr	NN	A captain who crossed the T was one who had his broadside facing the bow of an enemy .
va	NN	 Love is a fickle thing in this day , my ladies . 
tr	NN	His acceptance was unconditional .
tr	NN	When Little Spirit took the stage their audience raised the roof .
te	NN	Why hadn 't my sweetie come to check on me ?
tr	NN	A real partner would have talked me through the arguments for and against .
tr	NN	As he fled upward , the slime at his feet and the wet clay walls gave way to hard concrete .
tr	NN	the older , gray-haired receptionist asked as he started toward the doors behind her desk .
te	NN	Mikey 's defense was flawless , as his chest expanded and he stepped further into her space .
tr	NN	The sphere glides away from the remnants of the discharge and toward the massive gas giant Jupiter .
tr	NN	There was the swish of a dress as Sybil came back into the room , sat down and picked up her darning .
tr	NN	A red blur swam before Robert 's eyes .
tr	NN	There was another deafening explosion and she had a vague impression of light and heat somewhere close to her .
tr	NN	For me , tennis and fashion didn 't mix .
tr	NN	Nate Highsmith 's Texas twang broke the air and her concentration .
tr	NN	The smells were much worse , however , and Victoria wondered how the vampires could stand it .
tr	NN	The xenon gas for the ion drives on return flight , which was six days shorter , was already in the inner hollow walls of the spacecraft .
tr	NN	" No infection has set in as yet .
tr	NN	Rachel 's refuge was work ; it had saved her when B.B. died , and she sought it instinctively now .
tr	NN	There was no receptionist .
tr	NNS	The strangeness of not going to work in the morning slowly faded .
tr	NNS	Girls were wearing next to nothing and guys stood to the side making bets and bumping fists in conversations about who would screw which one next .
tr	NN	For a while , his absence , followed by endless conjecture regarding his whereabouts , had profoundly distressed her .
tr	NN	 Reality sucks . """
tr	NN	A painful lump detonated in my throat .
tr	NN	The gap wavered and cleared , and showed a different scene on the far side .
tr	NN	A towering cylinder of stone sat in the center of the cave .
tr	NN	The sergeant patiently kept shouting at the man , and the men next to him shook him to try to wake him from his trance .
te	NN	There was also a conviction for sexual assault on a minor .
tr	NN	 It will give me great pleasure killing the last paladin ,  said the werewolf .
tr	NN	" And yet ,  Michael chimed in , "" every student in that class has an alibi . """
va	NN	"There 's one variety that 's part bug and part bat , and it flies around biting people , and the people die immediately . """
tr	NN	 This map doesn 't tell me shit . 
tr	NN	A snort of laughter shot from her throat .
tr	NN	They reached for one another , tongues mating , hands stroking .
tr	NN	On his right , the bay was open to the outdoors by a terrace that ran the length of the hangar .
tr	NN	" Well , the bitch got what she wanted , and then acted horrified when it was done , like she didn 't secretly want it .
tr	NNS	Though there were magical wards around the house to keep supernatural enemies away , locks and keys never hurt .
tr	NNS	Their blades ground apart , and now they were moving across the floor in a blur of feints and slashes .
tr	NNS	Occasionally lightning flares erupted in the distant sky , followed immediately with an earth-shaking thunderclap .
tr	NN	My pulse began to race as I continued to read , the bedroom dissolving around me .
tr	NN	' You seem to know a lot about it , ' Love said .
tr	NN	As she hugged them both and headed down the hall toward the spa entrance , something Erica asked her at lunch kept running through her mind .
tr	NN	' But the beacon 's continuing regardless .
tr	NNS	The car-park shots weren 't down until next week . "
tr	NN	He hadn , t really been with Celeste since before the massacre .
tr	NN	Dan ' r said , holding the bow and quiver towards Gel .
tr	NN	A gentleman came by with a tray of little , artful pieces of food .
tr	NN	A burning wood chip sizzled through his leather shoe .
tr	NN	Before them were all sorts of targets , for throwing spears , firing arrows , hurling rocks , and piles of straw for slashing swords .
te	NN	As if on cue , the hail stopped .
tr	NN	Within minutes , the photo session was over , and Colleen rose from the stool , handed the photographer a check , and shook his hand .
tr	NN	His tail wagged happily , as if to say : This is what I was talking about .
va	NN	 This won 't work ,  said the bear gloomily .
tr	NN	A twig snapped from behind the car .
tr	NN	The priest lifted his pipe in resignation before putting it in his mouth .
tr	NN	A fine haze of ice crystals dropped from the roof .
va	NN	There was one final comment from the group just as we were about to disperse .
tr	NN	The greatest knight takes the hardest quest of all : the quest to make yourself a better person .
te	NN	the spider bellowed angrily .
tr	NN	Her publisher was due to call her any day now .
tr	NN	The consideration that I was wearing just a plain pink t-shirt and matching shorts quickly brought me back to reality .
tr	NN	That beam that was starting to hurt my smile muscles burst again as I reached for the white envelope on one of the arrangements .
tr	NN	"Are you goin ' ta help us ? """
te	NN	Even though most of it was in scientific terminology , the essence of the thing was horrifyingly clear .
tr	NN	Her h * ps rocked in a steady rhythm , longing for more of him .
tr	NN	The quill pen made quiet scratching noises as it flew across the paper , carving black strokes into the dry white paper .
tr	NN	Guys , the Dark will begin to be destroyed as of right now .
tr	NN	Phase One , which is just being completed , is in the center of the complex .
tr	NN	What is Ferry doing ?
tr	NN	"About what the ... beast inside wants . """
tr	NN	After a while , there wasn 't a weed left or bark on the trees .
tr	NN	A frantic sob escaped him , and Elijah hurried to check for a pulse .
tr	NN	There is one larger scar running from your temple to the corner of your eye .
tr	NN	The commando outside studied the river .
tr	NN	An occasional reward was better than no reward at all .
va	NN	The coroner and several officers came out with the black body bag containing Matt ' s body .
tr	NN	When the floor creaked below my feet , dread like I 've never experienced stabbed through me .
tr	NN	 Why is a counseling session making you smile ? 
va	NN	The entryway of the Giant 's Foot had become quite crowded .
tr	NN	My career as a real estate salesperson was short and unofficial , but not uneventful .
tr	NN	The large shield he carried had the same dragon emblazoned upon it .
va	NN	But the pen I 'd used as a stopper was still in place and the hidden door still slightly ajar as I had left it .
tr	NN	This ploy worked well , but once you had made your way through your existing social network you were left with few options .
tr	NN	My temper got the better of me and I sent the clump of metal flying down the hall .
tr	NN	JJ can 't hold off both the safety and the linebacker who are trying to get at me .
tr	NN	This growl erupted from Vaughn .
te	NN	This conviction could not have popped into my head at a more inconvenient moment .
te	NN	The yelling gets louder and Lila sits up nervously and draws back the curtain .
tr	NN	When his lips softly melt into mine , every nerve in my body comes alive .
tr	NN	Without the magical ingredient , her sweet treats wouldn 't have the same impact on her appreciated guests .
tr	NN	This particular scenic overlook was fairly popular , and there was a small covered veranda illuminated by a handful of dimly lit bulbs .
tr	NN	His accent was more noticeably pronounced as he reached out to gently stroke his hand down the curve of her neck .
va	NN	They slammed to a teetering stop , the plane stuck up on its side , the remaining wing pointed to the sky .
tr	NN	" But life is not easy , my darling , and easy won 't always make you happy .
tr	NN	Chance , Nikki 's boyfriend , said that there was no doubt in him getting rid of me .
tr	NN	 And the winner is ... "" Kara paused for dramatic effect as her eyes happily scanned the crowd ."
tr	NN	The colonel looked worried .
tr	NN	But for me , even the most casual of intimacies is foreign .
tr	NN	 The turret ,  I say .
tr	NN	The notion of him carrying her was both frustrating and more than a bit exciting .
tr	NN	A clearing stood beyond , in the middle of which lay a great mound of wood .
te	NN	To his surprise and delight , there was only a mild discomfort .
tr	NN	Your aid is ours , to restore a new machine .
tr	NN	The sunshine was streaming through the damaged tree .
va	NN	A boom like a thousand strikes of lightning shook the world around him .
tr	NN	As we move , the villa seems ominously silent .
tr	NN	How many women is this politician dating at once ?
tr	NN	A dark figure in a bright feathered shroud danced rhythmically , a snake coiled around his neck .
te	NN	That bitch , she nearly broke my arm .
tr	NN	straight to the point , the sergeant did not mince his words , or meanings .
tr	NN	Terra 's core would superheat .
tr	NN	His morning routine had been the same for the past eight years : breakfast with the population and then an escort to the office .
va	NN	Kate 's first , spurring instinct was to refuse the task - an option she knew she dared not attempt .
tr	NN	A draft rushed down from the ceiling , blowing my hair back from my face .
tr	NN	"The townsfolk probably think I 'm sleeping with the Orkin man as much time as he spends here . """
tr	NN	The paint on the door , gate and windowsills needed to be refreshed .
tr	NN	The troll trembled as she whipped the knife over the wraith 's veins at the wrist .
tr	NN	A foreboding cloud of gloom rolled through the pit of Dean 's stomach .
tr	NN	There was no slow exploration .
tr	NN	A low chuckle rumbled from deep inside Tuck 's chest .
va	NN	When he alighted at Walthamstow , dusk was creeping in .
tr	NN	The prospect of taking my shirt off in front of him both thrills me and terrifies me .
va	NN	A soldier beside him chuckled .
va	NN	Distant shrieking comes over the line .
tr	NN	The vehicle 's siren gave a short whoop before the blue strobes lit up , bathing the alleyway in pulsating light .
tr	NN	His honesty was intoxicating .
va	NN	Perhaps a visual aid might help ?
tr	NN	Now with my shock abating , the investigator in me was surfacing .
te	NN	The black lace seemed to jumped pop out like an erection .
tr	NN	The doorknob clicked as someone tried to open it .
tr	NN	A familiar white van turns the corner and speeds up our hill .
te	NN	His spark dimmed alarmingly .
va	NN	As police officers kept an eye on their target , a separate event took shape in another part of the city down at the docks .
tr	NN	The TV had blown its fuse , so in a weird sense , he died how he would have wanted to die .
tr	NN	An aura of gold lay casted on the city , giving the day 's last few moments of shine before taking its leave .
tr	NN	The neatly formed diamond burst so rapidly that the eye could not follow the various paths of the playing balls .
tr	NN	 No prison time ? 
tr	NN	I snapped off the clips of my jerkin , rolling out of it , the flaming remains of my armour basking the area in orange luminescence .
tr	NN	The other sadly shook his head .
tr	NN	"Is your business number a toll free number , Samantha ? """
tr	NN	"Poetic justice , wouldn 't you say ? """
tr	NN	Nobody was looking at him .
va	NN	Therefore , this detached restroom was truly a Godsend .
tr	NN	Everywhere there seemed an excitement in the air , an electricity generated by all the bustle of the people and crackle of their shouts and laughter .
te	NN	His fingertip rest lightly under my chin as he gently made my gaze meet his .
tr	NN	That bastard is the reason I 'm rotting away in this damned stone block .
tr	NN	"The elder continued , "" My sons , your thoughts move swiftly -- I ask that you spare the lives of these men ."
tr	NN	 Commander ,  the corporal said .
tr	NN	Dying and going to heaven didn 't automatically make one an angel .
te	NN	The carpet looked dark around her feet , which were wearing slippers that were dark and light pink .
tr	NN	Your great-grandmother made a whore of herself to an Englishman so they 'd drop a title on her get .
va	NN	Apparently , her future mother-in-law had her doubts .
tr	NN	The parapet overlooked the vast lobby .
te	NN	The audience again gasped in surprise , then fell into silence .
tr	NN	Perhaps her lack of reaction to Tomas was merely because she 'd thought of him as Beth 's .
tr	NN	Light and hope bloomed in his eyes ; they glowed with warmth and love .
tr	NN	 How could an experienced admiral be so stupid as to take his ship so close to rocks ? 
tr	NN	Its goal was to feed , pure and simple .
tr	NN	"I ' l settle for you . """
tr	NN	The water temp made it easy to slide into the slow moving stream , stretch and swim , if just a short distance .
tr	NN	There was no astonishment in her tone .
tr	NN	He had to get her to sit down long enough to listen and there was only one way to do that , make her his captive audience .
te	NN	No matter what my opinion was , the Were had to go to the best and closest hospital .
tr	NN	There is a patriarchal kindness in his eyes that I haven 't seen in a long time .
tr	NN	A roar tore from his throat as he reared up on his hind legs .
tr	NN	An FBI agent contacted Mitch yesterday .
te	NN	The angel sounded haggard , giving away the first hint of defeat .
tr	NN	Each stair was at least three feet long and a foot wide making the half-hour climb up the mountain 's peak very easy .
tr	NN	His gamble had paid off handsomely , but Kincaid was no fool .
tr	NN	The market seemed to be more crowded than normal as she made her way to pay for the dress .
tr	NN	 And his House will last forever . 
tr	NN	Dove is utterly still .
te	NN	The guilt had returned , and I felt bad immediately .
te	NN	"Then the bombshell : "" I 'm letting you go . """
tr	NN	The divorce had taken a full year to be final .
tr	NN	The slam of the screen door was her only answer .
va	NN	Every Christmas cartoon polar bears go on TV and sell us Diet Coke .
va	NN	It seemed to press closer , a velvet shroud that sent a trickle of unease down Grace 's spine .
tr	NN	There was only one exit from this cavern besides the tunnel they had come in through .
tr	NN	Okay , so riding on the boys ' bus is like going to another planet .
tr	NN	The strong stench was almost recognizable , though he couldn 't quite place it .
tr	NN	There was a tremble in her breath .
tr	NN	His agitation ebbed and the humor of his situation tickled him .
tr	NN	A fiery bullet hit a vampire about seven feet away from me , who screamed in agony as he burst into flames .
tr	NN	The footman assisted me down , and I handed Alice out myself .
tr	NN	Part of him was Drake , because he performed like Drake , he took their eyes , but he wasn 't exactly the same .
tr	NN	To his surprise , his attorney wasn 't sharing the sentiment .
tr	NN	My vacation is over .
te	NN	There 's something solemn about him , something quietly accepting , but not too thrilled about the current status of our relationship .
tr	NN	The next moment he was helping her , his conviction adding to hers .
va	NN	" The Queen will know , child .
va	NN	As if writing children 's books was so easy anybody could do it .
va	NNS	Men barked orders with authority , and machine guns popped in concentrated waves .
va	NN	The technology reasserted itself .
va	NNS	The data from project Blue Book is available today under the Freedom of Information Act .
va	NN	The word slut didn 't really apply to her , ever .
va	NN	There 's a stink in the house , and she recognizes it .
va	NNS	Yours in sincere devotion , Miss Susan Kirke She placed her pen upon her writing desk and called her maid .
va	NNS	Julia , Jon and Running Deer are at the portal . "
tr	NN	Anger and embarrassment swelled inside of Sophie for a split second , but she mastered it and was calm when she spoke .
tr	NN	The attorney had the floor and was reiterating their position .
tr	NN	The snake was quick and deadly , but not as smart as Stoltz thought he was .
te	NN	However , there was no other option .
tr	NN	Fear wraps its icy fingers around my heart and squeezes .
tr	NN	my so-called partner asked .
te	NN	Her recovery had been uneventful , and relatively short .
tr	NN	The hunter opened his eyes slowly and saw nothing more than a small puddle of reddish water blackened by the dawning of night .
va	NN	 We need to send the kids home ,  a senior Boy Scout leader decided , and the others concurred .
tr	NN	The knight was about to use the tip of his spear as a throwing knife .
tr	NN	There is a greater goal in mind .
tr	NN	Something immense was going on .
tr	NN	Love watched as Stuart slipped the photos inside his pocket .
te	NN	Was there extra royal icing where there would be concrete fortification ?
tr	NN	She tasted his lips on her own , felt the sweep of his tongue .
tr	NN	The guilt over the dream wouldn 't allow her to just let it go .
tr	NN	 The condom broke . 
tr	NN	 That bastard deserves to be fired . 
tr	NN	But the faster he wrote , or the more agitated he grew , the more beautiful the scrawl became .
tr	NN	The scenario , while excruciating , made sense .
te	NN	The dragon was more like solid brick .
tr	NN	Immediately inclination told him to leave unobserved , as he had approached .
tr	NN	The healer had to examine every artery , every vein , networks of blood vessels .
tr	NN	The gnome didn 't understand .
tr	NN	The siren finally stopped wailing .
tr	NN	The ship 's captain demanded , entering the large CIC in search of answers .
tr	NN	 Ask him where he is ,  Chance said quietly .
tr	NN	The student left in a flurry of goodbyes , gathered books and thrown scarves .
tr	NN	A drugstore across the street is now an empty storefront .
tr	NN	I also just fucking missed her .
tr	NN	My grandmother refused to speak of them , though I always got the feeling she hated my father .
tr	NN	The leech kicked me and I jumped , instinctively touching my belly .
tr	NN	The reservoir of the City is still full , but I heard some reservoirs in the countryside are drying up rapidly .
tr	NN	The proper term is artistic nude photography anyway .
va	NN	My hunger stays oddly buried under my shock and disgust .
tr	NN	The van lost traction for a moment , its tires spinning .
tr	NN	Well , proof was coming .
tr	NN	"The guest speaker canceled last-minute and we didn 't have a back-up . """
tr	NN	Across from him his employer , Mr. Yee , regarded him and held up a slip of yellow paper on which was written a service call .
tr	NN	Would her guilt ever subside ?
tr	NN	 The sheriff told me . 
tr	NN	A gleam of approval entered the old servant 's gaze .
tr	NN	 So ...  Michael fidgeted with the silverware on the tray and scowled at it .
tr	NN	 Anyone want a sandwich ? 
tr	NN	A scary bullet hole .
va	NN	But the guilt goes even deeper than that .
tr	NN	" A goal is not simply the place a football wants to be , it 's the place YOU want to be .
tr	NN	 My Maker teaches me to read script ."
tr	NN	 One occupant at a time , is that it ? 
tr	NN	The toying timbre of Bennett 's voice made her skin crawl .
tr	NN	Damien 's eyes leaked , his fur sticky .
tr	NN	A soft tremble rocked my body , signalling my need for release .
tr	NN	" A transition of power is imminent .
tr	NN	Unless the afterlife was just a crappy room of blackness .
tr	NNS	Our minds have the capability of learning incredibly quickly .
tr	NN	 There was a tail in the back , kind of bushy ."
tr	NN	Her uncle was still out there , somewhere , and even though Drake claimed not to be worried , she knew he was .
tr	NN	A bunch of brainiac students went underground and acquired the funds , equipment and a ship to make it out to Charon to look for aliens ?
tr	NN	After the dance with trig guy , a miracle happened .
tr	NN	Ice cream curdled in my stomach .
tr	NN	The meek shall inherit the Earth .
tr	NN	I pulled out my phone and brought up the matches the software had created for the foam slots .
tr	NN	A series of long , flat , shallow stone steps that doubled as seats made up the top of the amphitheater .
tr	NN	The struggle was too ugly , elemental , brutal .
te	NN	According to our information , your organization currently holds one of the coveted fragments of Damiano 's Disk .
tr	NN	 Where 's the sheriff ? 
tr	NN	In the meantime , the captain spent his time between Middle Plantation and Jamestown , often remaining with friends when away .
tr	NN	There 's no carpet on the floor .
tr	NN	There was another giggle as well but this one seemed to be coming from a corner of the room .
va	NN	Part of me warmed in response .
va	NN	Love listened and made comments .
va	NN	For him every operation on Nature is a kind of personal contact .
tr	NN	Silence fell over us for a moment .
va	NN	 I see it too ,  the hermit answered , drawing away from the candlelight .
tr	NN	Rachel 's unease sharpened .
va	NN	This New Mexican territory was a wasteland and deserved no more of his attention anyway .
tr	NN	Our prophecy foretold of these deaths , the arrival of three strangers from two different realms , and a dangerous beast from the dark realm .
tr	NN	 What if it 's a tie ? 
tr	NN	" There is more than one version of me , they 're different -- they have their own personalities .
va	NN	The Queen walked to the table littered with maps and picked up several loose sheets of paper .
va	NNS	Their howls filled the air , preceding them as they rounded the corner , four brutish looking guys .
va	NNS	Scores threw up his hands .
va	NN	The confession is shaky .
va	NNS	Agnes can make them . "
tr	NN	The morning 's feast didn 't leave him as incapacitated as the previous evening meal .
tr	NN	A van that had been driving down the street abruptly veered into the parking lot .
tr	NN	The whole scenario was just so wild .
tr	NN	The thud of the man 's fist connecting with Finn 's jaw sounded through the room , echoing off the scattered card tables and chairs .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood ran out of the side of her mouth .
te	NN	Shock and pain and everything made her respond very slowly .
tr	NN	But one factor was prominent across the board : acquisition .
tr	NN	His loyalty was touching , but I came close to wincing as he struggled to shore up his statement with facts .
tr	NN	The nausea overwhelmed my body and I ran to the bathroom .
tr	NN	"The writing here on the edge is in the same language of the voices before . """
va	NN	" Who 's the liar here ?
tr	NN	 How much did the sheriff collect ? """
te	NN	The pilot dropped down toward them , and Rachel then realized what this place was .
tr	NN	Before your visa had expired , then the traveler must leave .
tr	NN	"Not wil ing to talk to anyone . """
tr	NN	The political organization would take a heavy blow , but it was critical that the nationalists not be destroyed .
tr	NN	0.001 % was the number that flashed on the screen .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear .
tr	NN	And the sausage , well that should be frying by now .
tr	NN	On top of it sat a steaming pot of beef stew , a few chunks of toasted bread , and a jug full of iced tea .
tr	NNS	The two cylinders slid out of the floor , and in moments the image of the young Franklin Lange appeared with an angry scowl .
tr	NN	Normal human medicine doesn 't work on them . "
tr	NN	The addition of Declan would be huge .
va	NN	The chef chatted with him , and continued to ignore her .
tr	NN	But the pulsing continued , stronger now , though nothing like what he 'd felt on the street .
va	NN	My theory was that she was afraid she sucked and she enjoyed singing so much that it would ruin it for her forever .
tr	NN	"A Death Boss ! """
tr	NN	A low growl ripped through my throat .
tr	NN	There was no longer an option to go back there for any reason .
tr	NN	Still , revenge had been too sweet to ignore .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration tinged Michael 's voice , and I could feel the depth of it emanating from him .
tr	NN	No , not a request , a demand , making me wonder if this was her usual MO or something Gabe had concocted to see me again .
tr	NN	And hel o , he had a crossbow aimed at my head .
te	NN	"Alex shoots her a deadpan gaze as if to say , "" Come on ."
tr	NN	The principal plays with the paperweight .
tr	NN	" The leader with his anger held , The ones who hunt the horse .
tr	NN	 I 'm never going to forgive you , "" she whispered , her eyes sherry and her face flushed ."
te	NN	Nausea roiled in Sebastian 's stomach .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear .
tr	NNS	 How far into the night do the drones carry food to the queen ? """
tr	NN	My balance was questionable when I wasn 't nak * d with my arms pinned to the top of my head .
tr	NN	The brain chip didn 't do anything by itself .
tr	NN	And all she felt at the sight was a thrill of excitement and anticipation .
tr	NN	"There was a rustle and then Stephan said , "" I had to get something to pry it with , but I opened it ."
tr	NN	As his solitude grew , Sebastian 's resolve to stay away from Serenity weakened .
tr	NN	And his prey had finally returned to the city .
tr	NN	 I 'll be moving along , then ,  said the sergeant .
tr	NN	There was a thick thud and then the sickening sound of frenzied eating as the hounds devoured one of their own that had obviously been injured .
tr	NN	A chuckle rumbled deep in the floorboards of the building , and Edgar 's stomach twisted .
tr	NN	Was my operation more successful ?
tr	NN	The two-year gap in her work history was painfully obvious , glaring at her from the screen .
tr	NN	Perhaps ' t was his aim in order to gain her agreement to have more in the future .
tr	NN	And the waiter practically appeared in a puff .
tr	NN	Barely able to dodge in time , the shield nicks the man 's helm as his head jerks backward to avoid the collision .
va	NN	His breath fell fast and shallow , his flank pressed firm against the pillar shielding him as the footsteps moved closer .
te	NN	The unit began to fire down at humans as they ran ammunition to soldiers along the fortification .
te	NN	Across the way and twenty feet below , an underground waterfall thundered into a shallow pool that drained away through the rocks .
tr	NN	The drawn-out , picture-perfect clarity of moments like those were what kept a man company on long , lonely nights .
tr	NN	The pendant catches my eye again .
tr	NN	There was much honor in him .
tr	NN	All this nonsense about witchcraft isn 't really anything more than an excuse to eliminate competition .
tr	NN	But for right now , all he wanted to do was assume his other career , slide into the role of rancher .
va	NN	Where is your gratitude ?
tr	NN	The goal was simple .
tr	NN	The vanity in her boudoir rocked with the thrusts of his hips , his breathing rough as he made love to her where they stood .
te	NN	Somewhere in the oral history tapes there was reference to laying a concrete slab .
tr	NN	The gross stench of burning flesh filled my nose .
te	NN	This eve , he 'd seen pretty women , but he had no interest in them .
tr	NN	The trial was going badly .
tr	NN	Nausea and dizziness threatened to toss him to the grounds .
tr	NN	My team leader was the kinda guy who punched first and asked questions later .
te	NN	A growl broke him away from the horror before his eyes , and he swung toward Lady Harding in surprise .
tr	NN	Above , below , and within the walls we hung from , the Undead wailed in fury .
tr	NN	And the last I knew , prison didn 't have revolving doors .
tr	NN	That determination was driving her past her limit .
tr	NN	A little shriek escapes my lips when he lifts me up so high that I instinctively wrap my legs around him .
tr	NN	A series of foul language dripped from his lips .
tr	NN	The map showed few roads and he knew not to count on those that it did show .
tr	NN	Izzy real y didn 't know .
te	NN	But the castle itself was impressive ... awe inspiring .
tr	NN	Reality didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Jazz spoke as though she were the older sister .
te	NN	Raven had found a weapon and now wanted back in the fight .
tr	NN	The senator does a double take .
tr	NN	There was a rumbling from Mt Vince .
tr	NN	The hulking ox didn 't leave his side .
va	NN	"Slowly , very slowly , our Sun cools off . """
va	NN	The boardwalk , which runs beside much of the area 's white sandy beach , begins at the eastern part of Brighton .
tr	NN	"Your reputation precedes you and I want the best to be with me to amped up my chances at finding my brother . """
tr	NN	 The bus depot was a breeze compared to this . 
va	NN	A heavy frown stole across Jon 's face .
tr	NN	 His grudge is with the world . 
te	NN	Normally such a maneuver would have torn muscle and snapped bone .
tr	NN	" My only option was to throw and distract the guy so Jones could kill him .
tr	NNS	Diggs answered on the second ring .
tr	NN	However its schedule was weather sensitive and departures were at best a one or two day estimate .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps slowed , and for a second she wanted to turn around and take Richard 's advice - just go home .
tr	NNS	Other servants light the lanterns that circle the raised platform .
tr	NN	His status as a Councilman makes him a target .
tr	NN	The goat and her kid were romping in their pen .
tr	NN	An owl watched from a tree , his feathers ruffled as a line of men walked slowly under him .
tr	NNS	As Sebastian sat on the bed , images of their time together paraded across his mind in greater detail .
tr	NN	An eternity seemed to pass before grunts and groans of pain sounded around him .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her .
tr	NN	Her parent 's divorce had happened over two years previously and Angelina had long since put it out of her mind .
tr	NNS	Vince 's eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NNS	Several more flakes followed the first one ; then they all disappeared in a swirl of wind .
tr	NNS	Black horns stood out from his equally blue hair and his wings were a deep blood red .
tr	NNS	Things are solidifying against the other one .
tr	NN	Her body language was proof she wasn 't the least bit excited .
tr	NN	The chanting jacked up two decibels and I imagined Mikey and Tracy being strung up and stoned if the masses didn 't get their beer .
tr	NN	The Hole was code for wherever we decided to  hole up "" for the weekend ."
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled in his throat , the sound like that of a wild beast .
va	NN	Suddenly , a hound walked over to the puddle of wine now forming on the floor , and lapped it up .
tr	NN	There was a DJ booth along one wall , and trance music blasted from the speakers .
tr	NN	The attendant quickly placed a square piece on Nick 's chest .
te	NN	Their combat was similar to cage fighting , if someone were to watch it in fast forward motion .
tr	NN	Some infection is starting to take place .
tr	NN	The click of her heels broke Lexi out of her trance in time to see Rubi shoot her that million-dollar smile .
tr	NN	What will that bitch do to him ?
tr	NN	The absence of his warmth made her yearn for it again .
tr	NN	There was a lantern and a groove in the wall , so Celaena once again lit the spiraling passage .
tr	NN	And there was really no other term for it .
tr	NN	A grove of Douglas fir grew at its northwestern corner , with trees almost as tall , it seemed , as the nearby redwoods .
va	NN	Closed in my apartment , with no possible escape from my reality , all the progress I had so slowly made disappeared in a single moment .
tr	NN	A cough in the sleeping bag on the other side of the tent woke me .
te	NN	His audience was unchanged .
tr	NN	"What 's her surname ? """
tr	NN	The elongated brass handle gradually lowered , and as the door opened the sweet aroma of rose oil drifted my way .
tr	NN	My subconscious had stored Edward away in flawless detail , saving him for this final moment .
tr	NN	"And he ' l make it slow . """
va	NN	The archway appeared out of place between the large stone walls , as though it should hold a gate .
tr	NN	The politician shook his head vigorously .
tr	NN	An instinct bred into the wolf .
va	NN	Butch 's mother-in-law cried .
tr	NN	The student had found it hilarious -- from the safety of the hallway .
va	NN	Maybe the dragon had driven all the self-serve customers away .
tr	NN	The haze covering his face momentarily flickered away before returning to a blur again .
tr	NN	A wicked twinkle entered his eyes , and he grabbed my hand , jerking me to a stop .
tr	NN	His cavalier attitude was completely unexpected .
te	NN	" Part of the property will stay as it is .
tr	NN	The lack of conversation made her uneasy .
tr	NNS	Things that are just as addictive .
tr	NNS	The expressions on the faces of the human children ranged from startled to indignant that she would say such things about them .
tr	NNS	Without alcohol , the villagers are simply unable to keep reality at bay .
tr	NN	The notion of her brother actually concerned about her startled Trinity , and she had to look in her brother 's eyes before she could believe it .
tr	NNS	Other couples and singles sat at a long , curved bar , some with drinks in their hands .
tr	NNS	Since he 's already talked to you about his nature , chances are he 's already choreographed how he 's going to get you onto his side .
tr	NNS	No strings , ' was his response , and he disappeared into the shadows of the trees .
tr	NNS	Things like how special it was when they went on the roof at night and tried to find stars .
tr	NN	There wasn 't an email .
tr	NN	So my reasoning was selfish .
tr	NN	The reverend was right ; he hadn 't minded church that much when he was young .
tr	NN	That same electricity he 'd felt when he 'd kissed her crackled in the air .
tr	NNS	Things went downhill from there .
tr	NNS	' Your efforts to plunge Titan into chaos as on dozens of other worlds have failed .
tr	NN	Part of him desperately wanted to believe Jase was telling the truth .
tr	NNS	 If it 's anywhere near here , chances are you 're right ."
tr	NN	The command in his eyes riled resentment .
va	NN	A werewolf 's passion wasn 't an easy thing .
tr	NN	There is no television .
va	NN	But this confirmation wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	Her inner agitation had bolted beyond any control .
tr	NN	Just a natural clown who fell in love with my grandmother the first minute he saw her .
tr	NN	A glint of sunlight on glass told him Paul was peering back at him with binoculars .
tr	NN	A derogatory whistle was about as much as she had received , but in the end it was all harmless and no-one got hurt .
tr	NN	My gut clenched and I swallowed hard .
tr	NN	"De facto relationships are just as rewarding , "" the alien chuckled ."
tr	NN	The bastard must have thrown her to the ground .
tr	NN	The pen cracked in my hand .
tr	NN	"So I think we 'll notice him if we see him , "" The auburn said ."
tr	NN	The werewolf swept the creature off its feet and jerked it up , one enormous clawed hand constricting the beast 's throat .
tr	NN	 No , no , my dear fellow , the very thought of it is too , too tiresome . 
tr	NN	As usual the film starts late because of technical errors .
va	NN	A pucker forms at his brows .
tr	NN	The shiver that went through him encouraged her to further exploration .
tr	NN	"My motorcycle ... broke down a mile or two back . """
tr	NN	The headmaster rushed forward .
tr	NN	 That won 't be necessary ,  the priest said quickly .
va	NN	Better yet , there was a tiny gargoyle only a few steps away , hung to the wall with silver manacles .
tr	NN	A spray nozzle lay beside the sink and I grabbed it up , aimed at the two men nearby , and pulled the trigger .
te	NN	The foliage had started to thin and the views were taking its place .
tr	NN	 And this discovery is what , precisely ? 
tr	NN	But the gentry aren 't our people .
tr	NN	The hunt might have taken place a year ago , for all she recalled of it .
va	NN	Love was standing by the side of the table holding a tray of tea and biscuits and those cakes the British were so crazy about .
tr	NN	Now that the buzz was gone , the whispering turned to a full on yell .
tr	NN	There 's another layer .
tr	NN	" Your input was desired , but the Chief Justices moved forward without it when you could not be reached .
va	NN	 You 're gon na pull something , "" the gnome said ."
tr	NN	The spark in Kelly 's eyes muted to muddy brown .
te	NN	The guilt would kill her .
tr	NN	The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh .
va	NN	The managing partner nodded .
tr	NN	A rumbling came from inside like the footsteps of hundreds of soldiers marching across the metal interior of the vent .
te	NN	Anything comes close and I want you to take it out .
tr	NN	A click and a squeal as something opened .
tr	NN	"Love can heal all scars . """
va	NN	A thrill of tickles moves in the center of my chest , and I think of the way his strong hand caressed my face at the bar .
te	NN	"Presently the landlord was describing the kitchen as "" cosy and convenient for modern living "" ."
tr	NN	More than anything else , the baby gryphon wanted to grow up to be as big , strong , and tough as his dad .
tr	NN	Instead , adrenaline raced through my veins faster than even my beloved car could take a highway .
va	NN	That shame evaporated and a thrill of exhilaration took its place .
tr	NN	My escort motioned to descend the stairs .
tr	NN	The other rider was also wearing a long dark cloak .
tr	NN	Her huge crush on Brad didn 't matter anymore .
tr	NN	The irony hit me .
tr	NN	The man came out swinging , a stake clutched in one hand .
tr	NN	" The gig isn 't for hours .
te	NNS	Horses would get us to town much faster than a caravan of wagons could .
te	NN	This little tidbit just frosted the cake .
te	NNS	Humans don 't need any demon guidance or influence ... they act on their own just fine . "
tr	NN	The journey left little time for sleep .
tr	NN	The technician returned to the workstation and pulling up logs .
te	NN	That luxury would have to wait until the tests were marked and the final grades calculated .
tr	NN	Sierra 's convoy placed her on the stage and she was quickly pulled into Damien 's arms .
tr	NN	If I could focus on the other , the heartbreak wouldn 't feel so bad .
tr	NN	Simple rules to follow and we would be fine .
te	NN	The clinic faced west , and the daylight 's end shined around him .
tr	NN	The marble he carried this day would not grace the front of his cabin but would go straight to the workshop to be chiseled and carved .
tr	NN	Our childhood was one bizarre experience after another .
tr	NN	My weakening resolve was officially about to be a lost cause .
tr	NN	The bullet had gone into his thigh , just above the knee .
tr	NN	Man , with all his imperfections , required forgiveness .
va	NN	his partner asked , nearly gagging .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through my body .
tr	NN	Ajax , clearly pleased with himself , went running around the ring at full speed , tossing his mane , his tail held high .
tr	NN	"Suddenly the earlier revelation surfaced about the "" big round metal thing "" in Elizabeth 's ruined skull ."
tr	NN	The Manhattan skyline had never held so little appeal to her .
va	NN	There was a keyboard , but most of the action could be controlled directly through the touch screen .
tr	NN	" Your mommy posted bail .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled his eyes as he nodded .
tr	NNS	Sal 's aunts were the first to leave , then his brothers and eventually Victoria and Thomas with their boys left , leaving Laci alone with Sal .
tr	NN	Her lack of trust distressed him , and the situation no longer seemed amusing .
tr	NN	 A personal audience with the Five Mystics of Angels ? """
va	NN	In an instant , the entire colony changed color , from green to red .
va	NN	The dwarf dropped his weapon and fell unconscious .
tr	NN	The following morning 's weather was as dismal as ever .
tr	NN	" You real y think you can throw a bal across the lake ?
tr	NNS	My sneaker prints were all over it along with a hard mark where her butt hit the canvas before slamming her head into the floor .
tr	NN	 Excuse me , "" said Gary 's guardian ."
tr	NN	There is an explanation .
te	NN	The clang of metal rang out over the courtyard and in a matter of moments an excited murmur rose .
tr	NN	After all her mate had done to destroy him .
te	NN	Somebody should want to know exactly what happened to her and why .
tr	NN	"The government tracks large deposits , especially if they 're cash . """
va	NN	The arrow had gone through the center of the withered heart , impaling the organ and holding it to form .
te	NN	If this had been a real-life operation , that lapse could have cost a life .
tr	NN	Darkness split in a white beam that made it seem as though lightning had hit nearby .
tr	NN	The sergeant quickly smashes his fist into the glass panel that is imbedded in column next to the vault door .
tr	NN	" Great language recall and usage .
tr	NN	Such a brave Exile .
tr	NN	The studio was empty , and I took a moment to enjoy it .
tr	NN	 I made it seem like an accident , "" Ferry said ."
tr	NN	The morning sun shone in the storefront window as Charlotte ran through her to-do list .
tr	NN	The honesty was thrilling to him .
te	NN	A strange thrill filled her .
tr	NN	Love liked one song in particular .
tr	NN	The runner suddenly looked ten times more confident .
tr	NN	Maria 's unmedicated self was not particularly likable .
tr	NN	"Shortly after I came , that defeat finally befell them . """
tr	NN	"Surely in the arts the tradition makes it clear that the show must go on ... "" "" You 're a businessman , Wilfrid ."
tr	NN	The werewolf was leaping forward to attack .
tr	NN	There was no gunfire , poison darts , or rolling boulder to crush me .
tr	NN	My only consolation was that the classroom was a safe place for it to happen despite the animosity between Pari and me .
tr	NN	There was a castle behind that wall , and we were about to step into it .
va	NN	"Your comfortable cart may see some jostling . """
te	NN	" This gentleman is Katia .
tr	NNS	Nothing changes , does it ?
tr	NN	A large picnic umbrella completed the scene .
tr	NNS	The cards were on the table , and now all we could do was play .
tr	NN	The Persian rug was soft , the muted colors glowed in the dimness and her feet sank into the pile when she kicked her shoes .
tr	NN	No matter what happened or what did not happen , the tie belonged to me now .
tr	NN	This route is more difficult and requires six to seven hours to reach the summit .
tr	NN	His son 's engagement had been an unexpected blow .
tr	NNS	Then the elves of the valley came out and greeted them and led them across the water to the house of Elrond .
tr	NNS	The two hobbits trussed their small packs , put them on ready for flight , and then crawled deeper into the fern .
tr	NNS	My sunglasses helped block some of the sunlight as I closed my eyes .
tr	NN	The doorknob slips out of her grip and the door slams shut behind her .
tr	NN	the baron commanded ,  and raise the drawbridge ! """
tr	NN	 Well , there is one other option . 
tr	NN	Her sweet simplicity was heart wrenching .
tr	NN	A pedestal composed of white stone flecked with gold projected up from the floor in the center of the room .
tr	NN	the C-130 pilot yelled as he pushed the yoke forward dropping the nose of the plane into a dive .
va	NN	Despite its crash landing , the rig was in decent shape .
tr	NN	" The sergeant reported that the leg was uninjured , sir .
tr	NNS	As I did a U-turn , the road signs seemed to jump out at me -- Fox Gap -- Reno Monument -- then it hit me .
tr	NN	A wide , moorland plateau spread out before him to the horizon , dotted with the white backs of a few sheep .
tr	NN	Liam 's motto echoed in my head , and when I finished , I found myself on the ground , Beauty 's tears pouring from my eyes .
tr	NNS	The lovers tried not to stare too much when they felt others were observing .
tr	NN	His manner wasn 't subtle .
tr	NN	But the hobbit was worried and uncomfortable , and they had difficulty in getting anything out of him .
tr	NN	The priest spoke , and like everyone else in the church , I thought his sermon was meant specifically for me .
tr	NNS	In an instant , the inhuman creatures attacked .
tr	NN	My uncle seemed to understand .
tr	NN	 Well , "" Chance muttered ."
tr	NN	The paint is peeling from it , it 's old and it 's rusty , but it 's as familiar to me as my own hand .
tr	NN	"The squid was just ten yards away , its glowing tentacles writhing out toward him , churning up the sediment along the ocean floor . """
tr	NN	Doesn 't being a teacher suck even more than being a student ?
va	NN	That method would not work , no matter what .
tr	NN	A single bullet should do enough damage to destroy the shell 's circuitry .
tr	NN	That habit of hers gave me all sorts of entertainment .
tr	NN	The strange warrior said nothing , but gave Percival a wide orangutan grin like he 'd seen in movie comedies .
tr	NN	If we isolate those signals only , the red dots on the screen will be the dingoes .
tr	NN	How else had the shooter brought Clay to this remote location ?
tr	NN	Red tape , small minds and politics frustrated her out of that job .
tr	NN	" Alan , your loyalty is truly heart-warming .
tr	NN	His ad was an unfortunate example of someone betrayed by their own printed word .
tr	NN	 He 's over here , "" shouted the large policeman ."
tr	NN	The memory and physical toll of giving birth was fading .
tr	NN	Any resemblance to actual persons , establishment , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	NN	"The remainder use the bamboo rod alone ... Your cell could do with some tidying . """
tr	NN	The stretching helped him wake up , and then he found himself following Wounded Eagle toward the stream .
tr	NN	Silence was settling over the castle .
tr	NN	The cart clattered to a halt .
tr	NN	A natural ledge formed over the wall , protecting it from wandering eyes and harsh weather .
tr	NN	The gas still in his system sensed the injury and set about to fix him .
tr	NN	The Bru French fashion doll and its incredible value must have tempted her mother into her current situation .
tr	NN	" No student threatens me , ever !
tr	NN	The young blond pilot caught it and asked ,  How much years you are ? """
tr	NN	But then , the captain was doing the exact same thing .
tr	NN	His stump pointed at her as she dropped him .
tr	NN	The guilt tore me in two .
tr	NN	The night shift is quite light in comparison .
tr	NN	"The lamp will be a lot more secure locked up in an Arcane vault than sitting on an end table in my condo . """
tr	NN	 Gene replication ,  the sergeant explained .
tr	NN	He stood straight and tall , looked exactly what he was , a warrior unsurpassed by any other .
tr	NN	The firing squad of twelve men carrying their weapons at the shoulder marched smartly into their allotted positions .
tr	NN	Among the wreck of pots and dishes is a cut-up apple , with a bit of crumbs from the counter stuck to one of the cut edges .
tr	NN	"The equipment is mostly self-explanatory , and if you get confused you can always hit the Prompt button for an explanation . """
tr	NN	Just as I lifted the first bite of egg to my mouth , the doorbell rang .
tr	NN	 The mayor of Perimeter 1 loved the product and he has given us his signature in support . 
tr	NN	The courtyard was a richly planted garden with walkways of smooth white stone set in a number of meandering paths across it .
tr	NN	" The conservatory is a silly place to be indisposed .
tr	NN	Please ,  said the priest ."
tr	NN	This treaty stated that there would be one King .
te	NN	In war , a brave , if it were necessary , would put himself in an imperiled position for the good of his people .
tr	NN	 The goblin market . 
tr	NN	The unit was silent .
tr	NN	" Former deputy warden .
tr	NN	The goblin turned his head , and they made eye contact .
tr	NNS	 Us , too , "" Diane said , seeming genuinely astonished ."
tr	NN	He was just as blood soaked as she was , with sweat trickling down his temples , his robe soaked to his skin .
tr	NN	Reality came tumbling back , and Ali pulled away .
tr	NN	Janet Shook was already in her gi , its snowy whiteness setting off her dark hair and eyes .
tr	NN	There 's another orchid , this one a lurid magenta , like someone had colored it in with a marker .
tr	NN	This very Self is indeed That which you are seeking .
tr	NN	" Getting back to your issue ,  he said , "" the actual physical apparatus is not much of a problem ."
tr	NN	His weave kept him warm enough to survive , but it did not stop the chill .
tr	NN	The maid laid our dresses on my empty bed , annoyed by my refusal to immediately cooperate .
va	NN	My pulse is throbbing in every part of my body when I feel him move up to pull my tank top over my head .
va	NN	The stench was much greater than usual , the hum of insects drawn to the water now filling my ears .
tr	NN	" There is no sin in giving aid to the weak and helpless .
tr	NNS	Black spots winked over his vision , followed quickly by red .
tr	NNS	If you really concentrated , the differences between the two girls were obvious .
tr	NN	 The tradition is to turn the license plate over if the tub is in use ."
tr	NN	The static abruptly stopped .
tr	NN	"Surely somebody has been here before . """
tr	NN	The gas shut off .
tr	NN	Her association with Landon Mercer , whatever it was , was certainly not romantic in any sense .
tr	NN	 The map is safe . 
tr	NN	The unexpected praise shocked me .
tr	NN	 What she means is ,  The shorter brunette chimed in .
tr	NN	The stretch of field here was a finger between two patches of dense forest .
tr	NN	The first was listed as Rory Davenport , a student registered at Glasgow University , reading Philosophy and Politics .
tr	NN	A high-caliber bullet from a powerful rifle would punch through multiple walls unless it was stopped by something like a refrigerator .
te	NN	A faint sob escaped my throat at his words and I fought to keep the tears away .
te	NN	" The gate master thought you were necessary for my mission .
tr	NN	 The backyard , "" Kenna replied sweetly , kissing Ryder 's jaw line ."
tr	NN	Her grandmother stood in the doorway , her hand on the doorknob .
tr	NN	The knight rested in partial shade while they stood alert in the sun .
va	NN	Another race , the Miku , of which your assassin is one , also see it as a holy thing that we are all destined to achieve .
te	NN	A very wicked gleam brightened his gaze .
tr	NN	The rented trailer was soon to arrive with furniture .
tr	NN	The project leader frightened him .
tr	NN	Though I wasn 't hungry , the familiar dread of starvation drew instantly close , circling overhead like a vulture -- fear surging through my tiny veins .
tr	NN	The screeching monkey bounced up and down , making my head ache .
te	NN	" Yeah , my niece lives just north of here , almost in Bradenton .
te	NN	What 's the side effect that you were talking about ? "
tr	NN	The van out the front seemed so damn obvious .
te	NN	The last appraised actuarial value , at the time of the death , was the basis for the buyout price .
tr	NN	A thin skittering of snow had blown in and blew over the black and white tiled floor .
tr	NN	The pilot saw that the kids above him weren 't falling back to Earth .
tr	NN	 My grandmother joined the spirits last week . 
tr	NN	A breaking dawn pierces through the blinds .
tr	NN	Jazz fumbled her own out , but didn 't like the way her hand was shaking .
tr	NN	 That mad bitch stabbed me ! 
tr	NN	His briefcase would stay there until needed .
tr	NN	The dean of the University nodded .
tr	NN	" But the coughing makes it difficult .
tr	NN	Anderson 's partner , a kid named Rusty , stepped closer to the group with his gun cocked and level at Blake .
tr	NN	Such honesty makes me uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The agony in her voice made tears of sympathy well in Simone 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Young minds is a charity that works with young people with mental health issues ; an issue close to many of our hearts .
tr	NN	I know , sweetheart , ' she says , grunting with the controls .
tr	NNS	Aris snapped his head back to look at Thomas , who had been so focused on the strange room he 'd missed another chance to do something .
tr	NNS	Her dinner preparations were under control and her house was clean .
tr	NN	The gardening fanatic would never want to leave a world filled with flowers in such vibrant colors .
tr	NN	A policeman in a black uniform of a style I had not seen before stood behind him and held a gun to his head .
tr	NN	Then the firing began .
tr	NNS	( really just a bark but that 's what it meant ) The Old Man and the Stranger share a laugh .
tr	NNS	The clever schemes of man and nature often have their own ideas .
tr	NN	Her black gauzy gown blended into the black of her couch , making it hard to see where one ended and the other began .
tr	NNS	A few inches to the center and the high-powered .44 round would have shattered his hip , crippling him .
tr	NNS	The countess rested the ivory handle of her cane against his chest .
tr	NNS	The wipers flicked across the windshield , flinging droplets through the glare of the spotlight .
tr	NNS	My grandparents started to say goodbye , so I moved to the side .
tr	NNS	No strings attached ? "
te	NN	 A warrior shows no fear . 
tr	NN	The hunt was over .
tr	NN	The sergeant scoffed and motioned to his subordinates , who ran silently into the trees .
tr	NN	Their DNA was still the same no matter which form they walked in .
tr	NN	A puff of smoke came from the exhaust , and one or two men coughed in the group .
va	NN	A dark red throw cushion , stained and nasty , lay on the couch beside her .
tr	NN	If it were up to him , this photo would be the very last thing he saw ... .
tr	NN	The packing controlled most of the bleeding .
tr	NN	An outsider would have people who expected to hear from him , or that he 'd return home at a certain time .
tr	NN	On D Deck , there was even a large tapestry on the wall that was obviously a replica of a much older work of art .
tr	NN	The tablet itself was armored .
tr	NN	The Abu Dhabi stock exchange was in upheaval because of a beautiful woman filmed naked .
tr	NN	Nobody had seen anything .
te	NN	The entire structure , Victor proudly informed her , totalled around 2,100 square feet .
tr	NN	the belligerent drunk demanded , pointing at me with a half-empty beer bottle .
tr	NN	The added sway of the neck made it all the more plausible .
tr	NN	The man 's eyes rolled upward , his bleary gaze finally focusing .
tr	NN	 What was that chuckle for ? 
tr	NN	The Horse looked very well on the new dress , silver against green .
tr	NN	" I don 't have the patience today , guy , so spare me the Vaudeville routine .
tr	NNS	However , Pearl 's eyelids grew heavier with each passing hour and she eventually found herself rolling in and out of sleep .
tr	NNS	My instincts were howling like a group of banshees .
tr	NNS	There are some freaks out there if you catch my drift . "
tr	NN	A bloody smear stood out on her right shoulder .
tr	NN	Part of me is curious to see if he 'll touch me while I 'm there .
va	NN	This sentence terrified him .
tr	NN	"Nobody messed with my dad 's car . """
tr	NN	Hank and Carla 's parrot screeched .
tr	NN	That guilt will never go away .
tr	NN	The development is in a long U-shape , with houses lined up on both sides and the boat slips in the center .
va	NN	"My justice will not be as swift or as merciful as that of the court . """
te	NN	" In fact , the budget for your department will technically be higher .
tr	NNS	The mermaids said all at once .
tr	NNS	There are profound ramifications extending into every aspect of existence .
tr	NN	The thief had cleaned it out , then executed his victims .
tr	NNS	My own harsh judgments defeat me further .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be getting more intense with Gray .
tr	NN	Edwin 's stepsister Bryony entered into the kitchen , accompanied by the cause of the noise .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared as she worked to gain control of her emotions .
tr	NN	But there was a taint there , like a sheen of oil on an otherwise crystal-clear lake .
tr	NNS	While the smell indicated that the stable recently contained horses , all the stalls were empty , to Marty 's dismay .
tr	NN	My milkshake stuck in my throat .
tr	NNS	Even her fellow actors were not so bad .
tr	NNS	The villagers here wore vests and green cloaks of a deep , velvety cloth .
tr	NN	A torrent of purple blood flowed over Toren 's hand .
tr	NN	A pulse chugged in his throat .
tr	NNS	There are no personal effects anywhere ; no pictures , no odd knickknacks .
tr	NN	The van reached my house , and the orderly who had ridden along in the van courteously carried my bag to the door for me .
tr	NN	 What 's that bitch want with Buzz ? """
tr	NN	The creep had probably been right there , listening .
tr	NN	Marwan 's adrenaline enabled him to stand up as he wobbled unsteadily and scanned the moonlit riverbanks , looking for the third silhouette he saw .
tr	NN	Part of it was having Birgitte pressed against my left flank , but honestly it just felt a little like coming home .
tr	NN	The scanner came on line , and I pulled up Anna 's last known position then scanned forward to the day after the concert .
tr	NN	The fucker there looks the most incompetent .
tr	NN	Was the idiot actually going to try and make a run for it ?
tr	NN	And this development ... well , do you know how much it 's worth ?
tr	NN	The beast must 've found the path .
te	NN	The final value will depend on how much food , coal , lumber and other basic raw materials we can export in exchange for renminbi .
tr	NN	The sensuality and warmth from the soft curves of her body was intoxicating .
tr	NN	A string of Spanish poured from him , words she didn 't understand .
tr	NN	The lace pooled at her ankles .
te	NN	The bank manager then checked the amount of money in the safe and as long it was within tolerance , then all was well .
tr	NN	A wide balcony beckoned .
tr	NN	' We 've got a couple more songs , ' the singer said .
tr	NN	The captain waved an irritated hand .
tr	NN	"History isn 't kind to private raids into enemy territory . """
va	NN	Alex 's absence to me was torment and annoyance at the same time .
tr	NN	Michael 's hatred erupted .
tr	NN	"He wasn 't English , his accent was similar to some of the Russians you hear on TV , you know , in these spy thrillers . """
va	NN	"Same principle , don 't you think ? """
tr	NN	A true leader is not just someone who has the authority to give orders .
tr	NN	 Nikko ...  The husky had kept his seat , looking no worse for the impact .
te	NN	Her mascara and eye shadow made an irregular pattern of stripes on her cheeks .
tr	NN	 A suitcase was all Layton brought in -  Now she stopped and stared at him with dawning horror .
tr	NN	A little gratitude wouldn 't go amiss .
tr	NN	 Let me go ,  the noble tried to demand .
tr	NN	The bullet paralyzed her as if she were still human .
va	NN	A slight breeze rattled through the leaves in the trees along the sidewalk .
tr	NN	" This entry is the day it all began , our secret was about to be exposed by the others and our ancestors had to act quickly .
tr	NN	You ' l see . "
tr	NN	Why did the Source do nothing ?
tr	NN	There was no glint of sunlight , no sign of the compass anywhere on the ground .
tr	NN	The senator believed his aide was the only constant in his life who cared about him .
tr	NN	The two footmen by the entrance also retreated , closing the door behind them .
tr	NN	 So there 's a whole room ful of dead vampires down there ? 
tr	NN	But this patch of mud here , this was different .
tr	NN	Your green knight destroyed her hall of torture , so she took me as a guest to her room to be chained against her wall .
tr	NN	Riyad 's aura snaked around him and clenched tightly .
va	NN	From what he could see , the backyard was worse than the front .
tr	NN	Over the theater 's intercom , a bell rang signaling the end of intermission .
tr	NN	Only a trickle of blood flowed , but already the skin around the scratch had turned bright red .
tr	NN	A multitude of warm coloured rays fought to remain above the jagged horizon before him and the faint appearance of stars began to illuminate the sky .
tr	NN	The intruder moved it towards the ground .
tr	NN	 The captain has agreed to help . 
tr	NN	The painkiller Cheyenne had given her a few minutes earlier had taken effect but hadn 't yet dragged her into a sleepy stupor .
tr	NN	Married folk don 't make such a fuss .
tr	NN	Fury bared its teeth as froth dripped from its mouth .
va	NN	The supervisor put a pair of feathers into a bore hole , and then held the chisel in place between the feathers .
tr	NN	Love , passion and joy flowed back and forth between them .
tr	NN	The absence of her touch was like a slap of cold .
tr	NN	The hatch slid open with the press of a button , and I swung my legs onto the ground .
tr	NN	The dock was cold and damp .
tr	NN	And a nicely decorated office , too .
tr	NN	A 99.9 % probability that after two decades , Sheila Dekker would need to sacrifice no more .
tr	NN	Personally , the notion of buying a used sex manual ( of any sexuality ) was a bit sketchy to me .
va	NN	Nathan 's backyard is a large open area that slopes up the side of a hill .
tr	NN	His agony was too terrible for her to bear .
tr	NN	"Sometimes folk just do something nice , Father . """
tr	NN	In many ways , Blake 's personality was similar to Grant 's , big on talk and ideas , but little in actual substance .
tr	NN	The birth of Tandy seems to have gone unrecorded , so I have placed it outside Dublin for the reasons stated in the narrative .
tr	NN	A rustling sounded through the phone .
tr	NN	A man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do , and all that .
te	NN	Where was the loyalty ?
va	NN	The ferocity with which the ninja fought was inspiring , if a little terrifying too for the one who was forced to face it .
va	NN	The greatest knight does not quest for riches or honor or fame or glory .
tr	NN	With the arrival of that line to shore our determination slackened .
tr	NN	The painful pinch of fear rose in his stomach , as he began to collect unfriendly glances from the men standing around .
tr	NN	The video went on for a few moments , just showing the man lying there with the machines around him beeping and buzzing .
tr	NN	There 's a big airport not far over there .
tr	NN	The big vacuum cleaner took up the right side of the closet .
tr	NN	Love watched the exchange .
tr	NN	A kitten , dead for decades , showed its teeth and clawed the glass .
tr	NN	A fluffy rug sat between the couches , covering the dark wood floors .
tr	NN	My core rocked , spasming , cooing as I gripped him and didn 't let go .
tr	NN	The noose slipped around the guard 's neck and the dark man rolled from the roof and dropped .
tr	NN	The puff of air from my splat gun iced through me .
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled from his throat .
te	NN	appreciative gaze of every woman in the room .
tr	NN	 It made you look like you had a big flat square butt , Maynard ,  said the president .
va	NN	Nikolas ' command was the only one I understood .
tr	NN	The archangel studied her .
va	NN	The vodka darkened a large circle around his crotch and spread down one leg .
tr	NN	The auditorium was very quiet .
tr	NN	At the end , there is a hatch .
tr	NN	The operating model of the firm was under threat .
te	NN	As I am clasping the bottom with a rubber band my tablet vibrates .
tr	NN	"The wisdom is to know that the Mineral Is Naturally Erased when it is spent on foolishness . """
tr	NN	Part of what had dragged me out of bed and back to college was knowing how much education meant to Sydney .
va	NN	' Oh , master , whatever shall we do ? '
tr	NN	There is a viewing this afternoon and this evening that I have to attend .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NN	"It 's a nasty affliction , "" the cook explained ."
tr	NN	"Somebody 's always up to something in this town - usually something evil , dastardly , and violent . """
tr	NN	Her left wing had a long rip that oozed blood .
tr	NN	Another elder said as he was shushed by the third .
tr	NN	"In this case ' SX ' is the Dartmoor map , the next six digits correspond to the grid on the edge of the map . """
va	NN	A small pit of dread began building in her stomach as she looked at the simple three by seven foot glass box .
tr	NN	What exactly was the old bastard doing ?
te	NN	The policeman pulled out a pistol .
tr	NN	Their friend Bobcat was dragging sacks of coins out of the tent .
tr	NN	His beard shifted as he pursed invisible lips .
tr	NN	"The little bitch doesn 't need you by her side ? """
te	NN	 Father Hummer ,  Raven said anxiously .
tr	NN	"And of course the monetary benefit is enough to keep any doubts from growing . """
tr	NN	A bitter chuckle escaped .
va	NN	My gut instinct is that these notes have Evans ' name written all over them , but today he was busy entertaining me .
tr	NN	An older fellow , obviously a sophisticated gentlemen , opened the door just a few inches and whispered something to her .
tr	NN	My companion found that particularly offensive , since wolves have an extremely keen sense of smell .
tr	NN	The phantom concert venue disappeared and was replaced by a throne room .
tr	NN	The werewolf holding her leaned in even closer .
tr	NN	The paperback had been well worn , with a cracked white spine and missing corners , when Mr. Hall loaned it to me years ago .
tr	NN	But only an idiot would fail to sense the predatory alertness in him .
va	NN	The sunburn seemed to be increasing in intensity .
tr	NN	There was no permanent spinal damage ; the swelling on the brain had been reduced significantly .
tr	NN	But when I swing up like that ... well , eventually the pendulum swings back .
tr	NN	Like every wound , there 's a scar , a memory , but it fades .
va	NN	A fierce growling drew their attention to the wasteland .
te	NN	The alien seemed so solemn , and puzzled , that he could not resist the impulse to have a little fun with it .
tr	NN	 His grandfather disapproves ? 
tr	NN	I talked to a couple of hiring managers , shopped a little then saw a brochure about Vancouver .
tr	NN	"Every birthday of mine that passed marked another year closer to finding Faith . """
tr	NN	There was even a loud whistle .
tr	NN	"The writing was so old it was hard to understand , and some of the letters didn 't seem to be in the right places . """
tr	NN	About the Author T I WADE was born in Bromley , Kent , England in 1954 .
tr	NN	Only , so much worse than his grief was the guilt that lingered .
tr	NN	There was an easy flow to his style that Dorian couldn 't mimic .
tr	NN	Morning , noon and night , this man loved to rock her world .
tr	NN	" There 's another option .
tr	NNS	The murders both are vicious , cruel , An end unworthy , for wise nor fool .
tr	NN	The small lamp beside the bed spilled light across her face .
tr	NNS	 No losers in this house , buddy ."
tr	NN	The parade lasted all of twenty-five minutes , which I figured would please my dad .
tr	NN	The range of scents she could single out , but not yet identify , was alarming .
tr	NN	" There 's no limit to what I wouldn 't do for you .
tr	NNS	The warriors spoke among themselves , obviously discussing what to do with him .
tr	NNS	From here on in , my characters must care about each other and show it !
tr	NNS	 Just how many races have been coming here ? """
tr	NN	The footing was treacherous .
tr	NN	His grandmother laughed and told him that life is always full of surprises , and what you make of it .
tr	NN	The foliage started to shake .
tr	NN	His Uncle had worked meticulously on their new home and now his hard work had been reduced to a pile of rubble .
tr	NN	 The vows are next . 
tr	NN	The waiter looked at her .
tr	NN	What could a mere apprentice offer ?
tr	NN	The chief priest pulled his hood over his head .
tr	NN	The large jaguar missed and hit the ground just inches from her head .
tr	NN	There 's a pub in town where I can get you set up with a couple of rooms .
tr	NN	Wild eyed , hair flying , his supervisor tore towards the guards and their big black guns .
tr	NN	The mere manner of his bearing commanded attention and respect .
tr	NN	The market sets up in the church plaza by the municipal building and the church itself .
tr	NN	His recovery might be a much different story .
tr	NN	There was a balcony on the third floor .
tr	NN	History had washed them in the same waters , transferring the needs of one to the needs of the other .
tr	NN	My favorite healer took one look at the black and blue swollen mess and declared it was time for me to heal myself .
tr	NN	The belly chain is in his hand and he tries to push it back into mine .
tr	NN	Here the seating was like that of an auditorium to a cinema , although there was no screen .
tr	NN	Despair leads to naught but dark roads , and whither they go I shall not say .
va	NN	The boot came off , nearly sending her tumbling on her nose .
tr	NN	The melody ends , and Raffaele lets the last note disappear in the air .
tr	NN	Silence reigned the next few minutes , during which Sye wondered why Eris was still there .
tr	NN	The barkeep set another glass on the counter with a sigh as the President 's speech went on .
tr	NN	The self-appointed leader , Monte yelled by way of starting the conversation .
tr	NN	A veil seemed to pass over his face , and in the next instant his expression was back to the normal mask of amused contempt .
tr	NN	A pout curved her mouth downward .
tr	NN	In the alley outside the building , dusk was luring night into the city .
tr	NNS	"And the church ladies are going to try to match us up as soulmates from now until the rapture happens . """
tr	NNS	No one likes a know-it-all and in this new school being cool is all that matters .
va	NNS	Its millions of fragments scattered about on the floor , all too sharp to pick up yet each too valuable to sweep away .
tr	NNS	All Riddick 's flight members had blatant tells , yet none of them seemed to be aware of this .
va	NNS	Animals rounded up in background .
tr	NNS	Eyes so much like Grays twinkled back at her .
tr	NNS	Hot coils wound inside her , heat spreading throughout her body until she was flushed and damp .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared as I breathed it in .
va	NNS	If wishes were horses , all beggars would ride .
tr	NNS	The delusions soon changed , however .
tr	NNS	His riders jumped to obey .
va	NNS	 Well , the apples won 't pick themselves . 
tr	NNS	Long metal spikes stuck out from the soles .
va	NNS	 What have the scans shown ? 
tr	NNS	Reyes caught Angelica against his side , then levitated swiftly after him .
tr	NNS	The neat rows of concrete classrooms looked dull and uninviting like the rest of the town .
tr	NNS	The air masks fell from the compartments and food trays threw food in all directions .
tr	NNS	Four inches of dry , wind-blown , drifting snow now coated everything , with more steadily falling .
tr	NNS	The mattress was firmer than mine at home , and the blanket lacked the fresh smell I was used to .
tr	NNS	" But not all ideas win the war , and not all wills are strong enough .
tr	NN	My headset came off , and caught on the steering wheel as I tried to climb back to help her .
tr	NNS	Witness statements , building manifests , material logs , work orders .
tr	NN	The trick is to forge a middle ground between the two : a detachment , a state of neutrality .
tr	NN	It was still pitch black outside with good cloud cover making it even darker , dawn was still three hours away at this time of year .
tr	NNS	Guns were our friend , not the enemy .
tr	NNS	 My humble apologies , "" Kit Fisto bowed deeply ."
tr	NNS	"She laughed out loud , "" Oh , yeah , all the Buckhead churches have quite a lot of them ."
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm right .
tr	NNS	 Things go south with Miss Anonymous ? 
tr	NNS	Gradually , bits of wood began to flake off .
tr	NNS	Prometheus nodded again and pushed the group toward the door .
tr	NNS	The time travelers I 've met all knew when and where they were going .
tr	NNS	The surrounding creatures jumped on it and tore it to pieces devouring it mercilessly , twenty feet from Ramsey .
tr	NNS	 Your chances of dying on a freeway in LA are greater than dying from taking a swim here . 
tr	NNS	Things just became more difficult .
tr	NNS	Still in our infancy compared to our creators , my siblings and I now ruled over the world and all her inhabitants .
tr	NNS	Iris had already disappeared .
tr	NNS	The two Fey cranked open the gate very , very slowly .
tr	NNS	The cops closed in on Daniel .
tr	NNS	The melancholy strains of a lone bagpipe filled the cold winter 's air .
tr	NNS	 Where are your nurses ? 
tr	NNS	Several wolves howled in the distance .
tr	NNS	"Smells like someone lost a lot of blood . """
tr	NNS	The members of the marching band obliged , and the sound was as fast as Danni 's heartbeat .
tr	NNS	"The passengers would have to use binoculars to see us . """
te	NNS	Tears trickled from the corners of Madison 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and incidents are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NNS	The undulating heaps rose steeply to a height of over thirty metres in some cases .
tr	NNS	Since it was in their genes , werewolves tended to not be the bloodthirsty maniacs seen on the silver screen .
tr	NNS	She moaned softly when he took his mouth from hers , sighed as he rained kisses along the length of her neck .
tr	NNS	 Things happen . 
tr	NNS	The world above spun , but Petr ... His body contorted and he threw his head back , mouth gaping open in a silent howl .
va	NNS	And the city colors are far more pleasant than I expected .
tr	NNS	"Looks like our Gera doesn 't need much , just to breathe in some poisoned air and by the next morning he has no brains left ! """
va	NNS	The servants silently clapped , not too loudly for fear they would be heard , then they quickly left so that they would not be missed .
tr	NNS	 No , the risks are too high , and he needs to look after the mares . 
te	NNS	Her fingernails sparked , circuitry pulsing with green light , and a thought struck me .
tr	NNS	Cops and crime scene techs swarmed around him .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed and he slanted his mouth across hers .
tr	NNS	Rawlings had torn the marriage contract in half , and with it every last shred of hope Emma had left .
tr	NNS	The tips of my breasts were red and abraded from his mouth and my wrists were still trapped against the wall by his hands .
te	NNS	Screams of approval chanted from a range of locations within the club .
tr	NNS	"Apparently there were cousins and grandparents too , on both sides . """
tr	NNS	Reyes arched a brow , mimicking Lucien 's earlier expression .
tr	NNS	The wayward hats hovered in midair , arrested .
tr	NNS	Strangely , those small scars added to his sex appeal , making him more masculine , more irresistible .
va	NNS	The suits ranged from black , brown and navy with varying shades of each .
tr	NNS	Werewolves had nothing like it .
tr	NNS	Both events were significant .
tr	NNS	Following the shadows , the children 's images are now difficult to decipher .
tr	NNS	" How the bloody hell do gangs take over the whole West Coast of America ?
tr	NNS	Family members wanted to talk about Pirro 's role in last night 's bust , and the slant they had on the story shocked even Rafe .
tr	NNS	His movements and his power were so magnificent together , a mesmerizing force that left me enthralled .
tr	NN	their body language said clearly .
tr	NN	Love was weakness anyway .
tr	NNS	Things not meant to be out in the open .
tr	NN	The pantry and vegetable cellar were barren .
tr	NN	A new player in the game spoke .
tr	NNS	Your reaction downstairs was a little over the top -- especially for you . "
te	NNS	The prostitutes won 't like the ugly scar that I will leave .
tr	NNS	 The bones do not lie . 
va	NNS	Hands pulled Yuri off McBride and rolled him to the floor .
tr	NNS	Adam 's nostrils flared and his jaw clenched .
tr	NNS	My own chains weighed me down ; they crushed my chest and constricted my breathing .
te	NNS	With night goggles in place , the sentries looked like mysterious grasshoppers peering out at the jungle .
tr	NNS	Words to melt the coldest of hearts .
tr	NNS	Your injuries were consistent with a physical assault .
tr	NNS	His sleepless nights had finally resulted in hallucinations .
va	NNS	Now the colours were darker , stained with blood .
tr	NNS	Elves have abilities way beyond anything any human can do .
tr	NNS	 Where are the wolves ? 
tr	NNS	" The black creatures have started to patrol the mountains .
tr	NN	Part of this trip is to check out some bits of the planet that haven 't been touched .
tr	NNS	Had our mothers buried her in the night ?
tr	NNS	Huge sobs came and continued for several moments while Steve just held on , stroked and kissed her hair .
tr	NNS	A few sundry items plus several dozen academic books that for the most part looked new and unused .
tr	NN	The brunette says ,  But you didn 't leave me your -- "" The men are too far to hear the rest ."
tr	NNS	" And don  t come back . """
tr	NNS	Hands gripped my waist and hauled me to my feet .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed before her eyes , and just when it felt as if her lungs would explode , her soul was lifted from her body .
tr	NNS	There are games , dancing , entertainers and finally the Spring Procession -- and the bonfires , of course .
tr	NNS	 Privacy laws prevent me from giving you their names . 
tr	NNS	"How do your symptoms progress ? """
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've adapted ourselves right out of existence .
tr	NNS	Long blades of grass glowed green around us , and white raindrops streaked down on us .
tr	NNS	 And the cameras caught nothing ? 
tr	NNS	Jeremy 's paintings often portrayed breathtaking beauty and realism with a touch of fantasy .
tr	NNS	Spirits believed in the open door policy .
tr	NNS	Things were already changing with the Colonel gone .
tr	NNS	"Other objects near you will remain frozen , unmovable , and unchangeable . """
tr	NNS	"The newspapers would certainly mention such a thing as a missing sheriff . """
tr	NNS	Flowers everywhere , everywhere I step .
tr	NNS	Her characters never had trouble keeping on track .
va	NNS	Nice hobbits mustn 't go to C sss C those places . '
te	NNS	The characters , incidents , and dialogues are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
te	NNS	At the same time sirens sounded .
tr	NNS	The gloves and scarf looked home-made .
tr	NNS	Feelings he hadn 't even known he could be capable of experiencing until he met me all those years ago .
tr	NNS	His head drops and his hands come up to press against his head .
tr	NNS	Several short strands escaped the leather thong and fel around his face .
tr	NNS	The rehearsals went well and Peggy Conklin and Kirk Douglas turned out to be a perfect combination .
va	NNS	" My professors were still arguing about it when I was in grad school .
tr	NNS	My eyelids parted as I stared through cracked eyes .
tr	NNS	Much more than a couple car payments would add up to .
tr	NNS	What are the limits that should not be exceeded ?
tr	NNS	Your actions may have endangered us all .
tr	NNS	 Well , the sea traders , as I prefer to call them , were always a part of the tradition of the people of Song ."
tr	NNS	Sachiko smiled , as if amused by the ways the minds of children worked .
tr	NNS	His brother 's brows lowered in a clear warning .
te	NNS	Trading insults and barbs wasn 't on my to-do list right now .
tr	NNS	The Parkside supporters went wild .
tr	NNS	His attendants carried chests of black and red lacquer , painted with golden dragons .
tr	NNS	As I stepped forward , the wolves in front of me parted slightly .
tr	NNS	 These two tunnels are the only two that connect . 
tr	NNS	My guesses rarely hit the target .
tr	NNS	"Who his followers are ? """
tr	NNS	There were two servers in green uniforms behind the counter across the room .
tr	NNS	There 's lots of women who 'd love a good dependable guy like Melvin .
tr	NNS	Girls came from all directions to crowd around Josh .
tr	NNS	In many books about vampires , the creatures never aged and a teenage boy could possibly be a decade year old .
te	NNS	" Things have been different since your friends left .
tr	NNS	Cadmus continued ,  Years ago , I was guided by a premonition that led me deep into the Gray Oaks ."
tr	NNS	Often there were sheer cliffs that descended into deep and craggy valleys below .
tr	NNS	 Where are your reserves ? 
tr	NNS	The creatures rarely tried to escape .
tr	NNS	Joseph 's nostrils flared with anger as he nodded .
tr	NNS	The footsteps came closer .
tr	NNS	His short , crisp hairs teased her fingers as she found what she sought .
tr	NNS	The continued visits where he had all but ignored her , treated her with a coldness he had not felt but which had nevertheless been necessary .
tr	NNS	For Emily , all roads lead back to Ali .
te	NNS	Tears were running down her face and a faint bruise in the shape of a hand remained on her face .
tr	NNS	My grandparents and Mom had gone over to Lydia 's for brunch .
tr	NNS	Two shadowy figures hovered around her , one boy , one girl .
tr	NNS	Others were there too .
tr	NNS	Vampires may not die in sunlight , but new vampires are exhausted by it for the first few months .
tr	NNS	Within these pages is a story of one of those dark mysteries , knowledge so dangerous that it could never be fully lost .
tr	NNS	" My patrols are combing the city looking for the young emperor before he skips town .
tr	NN	 Ok so start with explaining why you painted the field of flowers ? """
va	NNS	Others had described to her an anger that made a red haze before their eyes but she 'd never experienced it .
tr	NNS	Millions had gathered to witness this historic moment ... security was high .
tr	NNS	Nancy deposits me in a sofa and leaves to get Phoebe to prepare food .
tr	NNS	The ladies were all doing some sewing .
tr	NNS	Cars huddled around late night restaurants and bars .
te	NNS	Looks like he brought the damned thing inside .
tr	NNS	The republican institutions of our country have produced simpler and happier manners than those which prevail in the great monarchies that surround it .
tr	NNS	Her actions had triggered a great deal of change , or , Mrs. K had to admit , had solidified the changes that were already taking place .
tr	NNS	" There 's a portal in the handicap stall downstairs that allows people to drop in from alternate universes .
tr	NNS	Your movements will be swift and powerful ; your mind will be sharp and clear .
tr	NNS	 Things happen in threes , Angelina ."
tr	NNS	Some Alchemist families made a point of going to them every year .
tr	NNS	Things I think you need to have .
te	NNS	"It 's only September , most students aren 't eighteen when they start their senior year . """
tr	NNS	The spaghetti almost didn 't make it to the strainer .
te	NNS	The grim expressions communicated more than anything .
tr	NNS	"The members of the group will know who you are , where you come from , and will help you to keep that from the public . """
tr	NNS	Waves of sensation threatened to take her under as she watched him use his mouth on her .
tr	NNS	Gramps grumbles as I push the door open and walk into the house .
tr	NNS	Rawlings entered the room empty-handed , a look of dread on his face .
tr	NNS	After a sip of wine , the countess nodded .
tr	NNS	The fans took to Lucifer because he was real .
tr	NNS	Cronus was then banished to Tartarus , an abyss of darkness and endless torment , as far below Hades and Heaven is high above the Earth .
tr	NNS	Making potions was one of my hobbies .
tr	NNS	The paintings spin in front of me .
te	NNS	Amadeus merely smiled with cruel amusement .
tr	NNS	His thumbs moved in slow , idle circles that made it difficult to concentrate .
va	NNS	 Would you fellows care to join me in the library for a smoke and a brandy ? 
tr	NNS	The bites were deeper and more vicious .
tr	NNS	The stakes were higher , but the game was the same .
tr	NNS	"Art 's records might show us how to track the others . """
tr	NNS	The screens went dark .
tr	NNS	"Looks like they 've had a mess on the northbound side . """
tr	NNS	But as you know , subsequent tests clouded this assessment .
tr	NNS	The witnesses claim not to know him .
tr	NNS	Sweat beads lined his forehead .
tr	NNS	The floors were all polished wood .
tr	NNS	The council members were not speaking to one another , but were making their ways out of front doors to the room .
tr	NNS	The media never lets anyone with any money live down the mistakes they make .
tr	NNS	" The materials are not the mystery .
tr	NN	My private investigator had informed me that Chloe had just turned twenty-two .
tr	NN	Any weakness , he pounced upon .
tr	NN	 My very own vampire guardian angel . """
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy , tingling and numb , and I can hardly keep them open .
tr	NNS	Border dwellers had told him that devils lived even in the flames .
te	NNS	The Immortals ' hunting horns had ceased to blow .
te	NNS	The media had a field day with the accident .
te	NNS	At least her efforts over the weekend did not go unnoticed and the praise she received from her teachers allowed a brief respite for her troubled mind .
tr	NNS	Others remained , frozen with terror .
tr	NNS	Since their arrival to the Seventh World , the races had been furiously working to transform the mountain range into a massive , insurmountable fortification .
te	NNS	But more birds swooped in and John had many more opportunities .
tr	NNS	All signs had pointed to yes .
tr	NNS	The warriors moved restlessly , trying to keep their horses still , but even the horses felt the tension here and it made them nervous .
tr	NNS	The twins are young but they 're two of our finest warriors .
tr	NNS	The green hues of the trees were black with the night and echoing hoots .
tr	NNS	His talents wane , but his authority remains .
tr	NNS	As Riley could attest , nothing productive happened when you mixed business with pleasure .
tr	NNS	The materials she collected were for a spell that might help her destroy the protective barriers surrounding Lorcan .
tr	NNS	Serena 's midnight blue scales flare , and this time she doesn 't fight back the glow growing in her hair .
tr	NNS	There were velvet curtains on the two dormer windows and two small woven rugs , one on either side of the bed .
tr	NNS	 You freaks aren 't taking me anywhere ! 
tr	NNS	The candles flickered , again , softly lighting the dancing figures .
tr	NNS	Two tests , both showing the same results , could not be wrong .
tr	NNS	But the drums continued to beat , faster and louder .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what Chloe might be doing in the children 's house kept intruding , plans for how best to draw her into sharing his bed .
tr	NNS	Other servants stared off into space , ignoring his jittery back and forth during the hours of the morning .
tr	NNS	With distinction , me sources tell me .
tr	NNS	Guardians are the keepers of information , and once Neal had a place to start , he found Ross fairly quickly .
tr	NNS	My headaches had worsened over the past year , but the doctors assured me that these attacks should last no longer than a half hour each time .
tr	NNS	 Friends but don 't expect everything to just change overnight , okay ? 
tr	NNS	Her vegetable and herb garden might be small by Virginia standards , but it depended upon her alone to tend it .
tr	NNS	From one end of the table to the other , the members surrounded it , a phalanx of mourners in black .
tr	NNS	Originally made with a shoulder stock and a long barrel for accuracy , the gun lobbed 40mm grenades , one shot at a time .
tr	NNS	Gage frowns at me like he can 't believe what an unbelievable moron I 'm being .
te	NNS	Large drops tracked down my face and plummeted onto the top of his head .
va	NNS	Tears had left moist trails down her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Her credit cards would bear only so much .
tr	NNS	"Flowers , as she 's romantic , and something with some shine to it to show you understand the depth of your mistake . """
tr	NNS	So much sadness pouring out of her yet she looks so empty inside .
va	NNS	The villagers screamed in terror of the giant fox fiend .
tr	NNS	 George , the coins ... . . 
va	NNS	Both our apartments are crawling with paparazzi .
tr	NNS	Things happen when you 're young .
tr	NNS	Dark tunnels stretch out toward mysterious places , and black and white tiles make bland patterns on dirty walls .
tr	NNS	Below her , the streetlights looked a hazy yellow through the dreary mist .
tr	NNS	Things I 'd love to be wrong about .
tr	NNS	"But the media needed some sort of story because she died so controversially . """
tr	NNS	 What foolishness do you say , husband ? 
tr	NNS	The trunks were usually about the thickness of a telephone pole and complex networks of branches and twigs would fan out from them .
tr	NNS	" These cookies look delicious .
tr	NN	Part of the stem snapped off under the torque , an inch or so remaining lodged in Miguel 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in every building .
tr	NNS	Cars passed , sloshing water out of the ditches and potholes .
tr	NNS	Just before she disappeared , the strings of lightning attached to her body .
tr	NN	My first orgasm occurred as soon as he entered me .
tr	NN	For bounty hunters , the runner would tell them which pirate they were allowed to hunt and capture .
tr	NN	The divorce had been raging for almost two years , and Savannah couldn 't wait for the public showdown between the great doctor and the prominent socialite .
tr	NN	His secretary told us .
tr	NN	The bitch had planned this all along ... .
tr	NNS	The expressions on their faces ran a short gamut from stunned to fascinated .
tr	NN	The girl was called Elysia , a name Amelia had never heard in all her years .
tr	NN	There was an old sergeant named Wilmer who could spend hours telling us stories about wars the army had fought in the past .
tr	NNS	But those hopes remained frustrated .
tr	NN	A curly haired brunette asked .
tr	NN	The one sin the gods never forgive us is that of being born women .
tr	NNS	The gun blasts were deafening to both Paul and Greg .
tr	NN	The castle lay at the southern tip of the old Roman town and looked down upon the River Dee .
tr	NN	the sergeant whispered back .
tr	NN	The bullet caught him in his shoulder , spinning him as he began his fall from the cliff 's edge to the raging river below .
tr	NNS	There were occasional whispers of such things , but with such horror - or pretended horror - that I would never dream of doing anything like that .
tr	NNS	Had the gates already closed ?
tr	NN	 But there 's no map for us anymore ."
tr	NNS	 And who are these leaders in government in relations to us exactly ? 
tr	NNS	" All ticketed passengers should now be in the Blue Concourse sleep lounge .
tr	NN	Are you a football player , because we have exercise equipment in the den if you 're interested in using it ?
tr	NNS	Stuffy restaurants and grand gestures were great and romantic for some , but Liv needed something less grandiose .
tr	NN	 There was also a general consensus among all five women that you do not have a romantic bone in your body . """
tr	NNS	His stumpy digits glittered with gold and jewels .
te	NNS	But before he could get close enough to anything important , tentacles slipped around his throat and arms , pulling him away .
tr	NNS	The birds were chirping and the sun was just coming up over the horizon as she entered the stables .
tr	NNS	Many law students skipped the picture taking .
tr	NNS	Romulus arched his eyebrows , waiting for an explanation .
tr	NNS	The traitorous thought reared up before I could stop it .
te	NNS	The one Rome triggered by uttering the phrase ' blue crystal reader ' .
tr	NNS	Others that carrying the pipeline overground would be easier to maintain and be less calamitous in the event of a breach .
tr	NNS	Lucius swirled across the damp grass in a pattern of loops and whirls , dancing himself into the middle of the largest lawn in the park .
va	NNS	Just sat on that horse , holding Garrett 's accusing stare .
tr	NNS	His actions tonight proved it .
tr	NNS	 No , the streetlights , the streetlights are out . 
tr	NNS	But this incredible , painful tightness was too much .
tr	NNS	Cassius was lying in the tall grass .
tr	NNS	" Then when me and my parents were about to fly to Malta for our holidays these creatures attacked me .
tr	NN	Our convict thought that this sounded simple enough , so he got the book and read it .
tr	NN	A demon master worked a charm on her .
tr	NNS	But facts had always been her mainstay and her armor .
tr	NNS	All the expectant mothers in the birthing class were using it .
tr	NNS	Maybe my instincts were wrong -- which would be great .
tr	NNS	There , streetlights blaze all through the night .
tr	NNS	The mattress shifts as Mason 's weight distorts the surface .
tr	NNS	The ancestors would never think to search for the book at Max 's house .
tr	NN	' And the winner is ... ... ' paused .
tr	NNS	Tate 's antics did nothing to improve the humans ' esteem ; nor has the new mayor offered any help . "
tr	NNS	The striking differences in her hair , skin and eye color were startling enough to be attractive .
tr	NNS	' The diaries are captivating , but I think it 's time to put dinner on . '
te	NNS	The media only covers the biggest ones intensively , and even those get old after a day or two .
tr	NNS	Cadmus held fast to me and I gripped the Phoenix ' neck as we flew a wide arc above the river .
va	NNS	There are many queer creatures that abound in this world which are good and pure .
va	NNS	Its stone rough colors helped it hide into the forest 's natural landscape .
tr	NNS	Things went badly and the four of them were pinned down by an enemy platoon .
te	NNS	The tales she spun in her head would make a bard look boring .
tr	NNS	" Of course , the members of your band .
tr	NNS	Things will be so much easier once you 've given up .
tr	NN	A fervent look now distorted her features , giving her , for the briefest of moments , the archetypical appearance of an old crone .
tr	NNS	In his mind , unrecognizable images raced by like a movie in super fast forward .
tr	NNS	Their particular skills leant themselves to the job of oil rig security and protection as the main threat was terrorist activity .
tr	NN	A deep red velvet duvet covered the thick mattress and dozens of decorative pil ows were piled at its head .
tr	NNS	Chess asked , popping his head through the hole from above .
tr	NN	 I have news , albeit unwilling news , "" the master of the guard 's growl eclipsed that of the king ."
tr	NNS	Lots of things have happened in this room ... I look up at him and I wonder if he 's thinking about it too .
tr	NNS	The jewels in it glittered with a dazzling display of white light , cut with flashes of rainbow colours .
tr	NNS	The instruction sessions are third cool .
te	NNS	Other visitors would arrive after that .
tr	NNS	The wolves and tigers there ate grass , like deer , but predators had coarser tastes , out here : they hunted apes .
tr	NNS	She gave a false smile , her cheekbones raised as high as they could go .
tr	NNS	His caresses were soft and tentative , his kisses chaste and gentle .
tr	NNS	Colorful images began to appear and change on the screen , moving about as the woman directed .
tr	NNS	 Things belong in their proper place . 
tr	NNS	Too many shocks , delivered too quickly , had left Clary numb .
tr	NNS	" Not all werewolves are killers .
tr	NN	One-time partner , I should say .
tr	NN	The lava sprayed skyward shooting flames a thousand feet into the sky .
tr	NNS	For some reason their smugness got under his skin .
tr	NNS	As Christmas approached the kitchen servants were working full-time , preparing for the feast which would last for weeks .
tr	NN	 The kidnapper 's cologne ."
tr	NNS	"Three guesses why . """
tr	NNS	Like a meteor Hephaestus lands between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear .
tr	NNS	If Ashlyn had escaped , had brought Hunters into their midst , the warriors would demand her head .
tr	NNS	The media has a sick obsession with both of us .
tr	NNS	Things were moving fast , but I didn 't see any reason to slow them down .
te	NNS	"According to Tony , the courts have just awarded her custody . """
tr	NNS	Thoughts about my real father keep running through my mind .
tr	NNS	" In Trig , the three functions are Sine , Tangent , and Cosine .
tr	NN	The whirlwind held on to me tightly , burning everywhere it touched , scorching my hair and melting my clothes .
tr	NNS	Near the back of the room three cots stood against the far wall .
tr	NN	The guilt he now felt was overpowering .
tr	NN	The operator had blocked traffic on the street behind him .
tr	NN	Only method we have is to build the American Empire !
tr	NN	 There 's always some dumb ass chick that passes out at these things . """
va	NNS	 The chances of my actions directly causing that man 's death were slim . 
tr	NNS	The coins coming out of the cornucopia were all different , depicting different amounts and symbols , all of them unknown to her .
tr	NNS	Before I have a chance to move , two pairs of bloody , dirty hands grip me by my hoody and pull me back .
tr	NNS	After about ten minutes they 'd walk back out , their expressions confident as they eyed the remaining applicants .
tr	NNS	Dim sun rays broke through from above as Kev pulled onto Kate 's street .
tr	NNS	Things must be bad for her daughter to show up on her doorstep in this condition .
tr	NNS	Our slow complex preparations protect the caster by channelling the magic through the spell rather than the sorcerer , or sorceress , themselves .
tr	NNS	Waves of aggression rippled through the room as he let his emotions fill up the apartment .
tr	NNS	Soft thuds hit the floor behind me .
tr	NNS	As I closed my eyes , images of Stephen invaded my mind .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the fight downstairs proceeded .
tr	NNS	When Noel 's units met up with the railroad from Wellington , then supplies would flow more easily to the forces defending the center of the island .
tr	NNS	His tales of the trip ranged from humorous to downright frightening .
tr	NNS	A gaping emptiness filled him ; he would not be able to sing tonight , nor play his lute .
tr	NNS	Guns , drugs , jewelry ... and a surprising assortment of dominatrix gear made the small apartment look that much more microscopic .
tr	NNS	Elise 's directions to her winter place were clear in the main , but she had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical .
tr	NNS	The creatures had scouts back in town , but McCoy had never dreamed that they would be able to communicate so effectively and quickly .
tr	NNS	The warning signs had gone up too late .
tr	NNS	"More facts , though , could help seal the case against these criminals . """
tr	NNS	Others gave ownership to the privateer Sir Francis Drake or the Spanish , as an out-of-the-way place to stash their wealth .
te	NNS	Ezio 's skills with the blade were more than a match for them .
tr	NNS	A moment later , his breeches were around his knees .
tr	NNS	" Personality differences , I guess .
tr	NNS	 There were only ten members of the drama club ."
tr	NNS	Car horns behind him blared .
va	NNS	Screams came from outside .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus said in a quiet voice .
tr	NNS	 At least a thousand millions ,  replied the Secretary of the Treasury .
tr	NNS	There were gaps in the barriers .
tr	NNS	Maks allowed the other four to go ahead .
tr	NNS	The doctors had hopes he would be out within the next day , but Obi-Wan didn 't see a reason to risk his health .
tr	NNS	"The countess took me in after my parents ' house was bombed . """
tr	NNS	 The basics plus the first four practice patterns . 
tr	NNS	There were also some creatures in the bar who were not vamps and not human , members of Louisiana 's supernatural community .
tr	NNS	However , the zombies must have got him before he got the chance .
te	NNS	The restaurants were all open , and people were eating dinner outdoors .
tr	NNS	The most serious discussions required tea .
va	NNS	But right then , footsteps echoed from down the path .
tr	NNS	Our schedules were so different that I felt like I had barely seen her since we had moved .
tr	NNS	Things can 't possibly get worse .
tr	NNS	The gates slowly swung apart revealing the city proper .
tr	NNS	"Humans are social animals you know . """
tr	NNS	"Where are all these construction materials going ? """
tr	NNS	Odysseus accepted with a murmur of thanks .
tr	NNS	Where are the scones ?
tr	NNS	" Things just got out of hand .
tr	NN	A chunky , red headed sergeant jumped to his feet beside Ranger .
tr	NN	 No offense , Lindsay , but no , "" Xavier began ."
tr	NNS	Its properties are virtually identical to that which featured in this book .
tr	NNS	The figures below dared not to move an inch .
tr	NNS	The three passengers braced themselves for the impact .
tr	NNS	Or were the tights too constricting at the crotch ?
tr	NNS	"Her headaches were always worse when he was angry . """
tr	NNS	For all intents and purposes , goblins have no conscience .
tr	NNS	"There were three deaths I can 't prove but suspect were murder and one attempted murder I can prove . """
tr	NNS	"The green globes are brambles . """
tr	NNS	In short order , the shiny black binoculars lay exposed .
tr	NNS	So far no big chunks fell out , thank goodness .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	Two roads diverged in a yellow wood .
tr	NNS	The vehicles that are there are not fully operational and it is unclear how much work will be needed .
tr	NNS	The uniforms left immediately , followed by Ortega .
te	NNS	Flames licked from the wound where blood should have flowed .
tr	NNS	"Families doubt when there 's too much blood . """
tr	NNS	Drugs were out of the question - which left only one thing .
va	NNS	"The abilities could be getting better as they evolve . """
te	NNS	His companions were no solace , the fallen angels reduced to finishing each other 's sentences and fighting over credit for the same sins .
tr	NNS	To the brother 's surprise , the bloated creatures listened to the Hag and stopped sucking , convening around her , as if she were their mother .
tr	NNS	Cadmus shrugged , unconcerned .
tr	NNS	 Maybe the ancestors even need me alive . 
tr	NNS	Her credentials would verify her as a scholar of antiquities .
va	NNS	His head tips down as he looks at the book again , strands of his dark hair falling into his eyes .
tr	NNS	She used her manicured hands and moved them up and down the white mini dress she was wearing .
tr	NNS	Tears choked me as I realized that her own mother wouldn 't have been able to recognize the smashed mess before us .
tr	NNS	Lights were still on in the electrical store .
tr	NNS	His fingernails broke ; he received many splinters ; cuts in his hands and fingers appeared from trying to break the lower bark wall .
tr	NNS	Linen napkins , beautiful china , and crystal goblets were waiting for them to enjoy .
te	NNS	Maks fired again on the other side and hoped no one noticed the body jerk , but everyone seemed consumed with the surrounding carnage .
va	NNS	" And the ladies better watch out for Michael Parnell .
tr	NN	The engines ' roar began to subside , and the vibration was hardly noticeable .
tr	NN	The van started moving again .
tr	NN	A slightly built dwarf at one of the tables was watching him with interest , as though he was some kind of fascinating monster .
tr	NNS	What factors had shifted .
tr	NNS	The gorillas were very close - close enough for him to touch them , close enough to smell the sweet , musty odor of their bodies .
tr	NNS	Grasping tongues stretched toward Seth , and he swung the hoe viciously .
tr	NNS	There were huge gaps in his understanding of so many things .
tr	NNS	 Their properties vary statistically . """
tr	NNS	Hands rise from the darkened earth grasping my ankles , fastening them to the earth .
tr	NNS	Ferris grunted , breaking into Brody 's memory .
te	NNS	She took it and shrugged into it , her movements awkward and not strong .
tr	NNS	Their movements were precise and unhurried .
te	NNS	" Your species remains ungrateful after all these years .
tr	NNS	The wolves should never have been able to sneak inside and attack .
tr	NNS	The bars were about ten feet tall , lodged deeply into both the rocky floor and ceiling .
tr	NNS	 My priorities in order ? """
tr	NNS	Others would come looking for this tunnel when he didn 't come back , and there was already someone guarding the entrance .
va	NNS	Her footsteps slowed as her mind and heart softened .
tr	NNS	There were gulls crying and wheeling overhead .
tr	NNS	The fibers will relax on their own .
tr	NNS	Rocks had fallen down here , and sand had blown in , and seeds had taken root .
tr	NNS	" Things happen for a reason , Kevin .
tr	NN	 Oh man , I thought I was late , "" the student says as he spots us in the hallway ."
va	NNS	The famous high French ceilings were so low now that even Mary Ann almost had to stoop under the beams .
tr	NNS	Little rivulets of blood trickled down his neck .
tr	NNS	"All future royalty checks come directly to me . """
te	NNS	The colors deepen , it burns more intensely , the purple increases .
tr	NNS	"What do your instincts say about us ? """
tr	NNS	 The wolves are swimming away ! 
tr	NNS	" Soldiers are like angels if they fight for the right cause .
tr	NN	 No ... "" The hesitant note in Dale 's voice said he didn 't want to have the conversation he knew was forthcoming ."
tr	NNS	The last few shots had run off with my filter .
va	NNS	Her family instincts won out , and she turned to run toward the main doors and the stables .
tr	NNS	Hades was about a month away from passing by Jupiter .
va	NNS	Not carnage , not blood , not the miserable scraps left of my life .
tr	NNS	Her sandals rang out loudly on the pavement , so she angled up onto her toes , trying to soften her footsteps .
tr	NNS	"The tests are never the same as previous years , but are always based on each of the dozen tasks that Hercules was required to complete . """
tr	NNS	 What are these temples she spoke of ? 
tr	NNS	The younger fans ( those who weren 't roasting in Hank 's fire ) roared their support of the mad DJ .
va	NNS	Aris still didn 't seem very winded .
tr	NNS	How he wished he could tell her how foolish her fears were , but they weren 't .
tr	NNS	In the distance , sirens blared .
tr	NNS	"Then drinks are on me . """
tr	NNS	" These other clients ,  she said , making us all stare at her , "" they 're Forgotten , aren 't they ? """
tr	NNS	Truly , these kisses were even better than the ones of the dream .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were busy collecting the remains of their fallen comrades .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped my arms and hauled me up to my feet .
tr	NNS	Images of cutting them both down where they stood , something he could do in his sleep , deluged his mind .
tr	NNS	The human butterflies had started chanting at the side of the road .
tr	NNS	I ... My powers are slipping .
tr	NNS	" Those aliens attacked us , and earth was destroyed because of what they did .
tr	NNS	After the ordeal of the afternoon , the thousand punches went quickly and soon they were headed for the showers .
tr	NNS	There were whisker burns between her thighs and on her chin .
tr	NN	And a clearer head .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with automatic guns waved them through and they drove past a long line of new arrivals waiting to register .
tr	NN	Apart from the way she filled out the front of the shirt , boys ' clothing went quite well on her slim , willowy figure .
tr	NNS	Our seats were not the front row , I wish , but we were in the tenth row back .
tr	NNS	As I watch its quick successive raps , the edges of my vision flicker and the tarnished white walls of the classroom seem to warp .
tr	NNS	Then her paws hit Jo 's shoulders and she , too , lavished loving kisses .
tr	NN	A chorus of cracks and crunches shoots through me as my back greets the earth and Julie 's weight flattens my chest .
tr	NN	Stopping in front of the illuminated painting he said ,  Each canvas will light one at a time ."
te	NNS	Their horns were massive , and they were joined together at the base in the center of the animal 's forehead .
va	NNS	Her fears have nearly turned unmanageable .
te	NNS	For Markman , recollections of the past were becoming a stark reality now .
tr	NNS	 Where are the wipers ? 
va	NNS	Their expressions brought otherwise to full focus .
te	NNS	"Besides , "" she smiled , "" the animals would never hurt him ."
va	NNS	" The pala drums are only music .
tr	NN	 There 's one option . """
tr	NNS	"Things that would die and rot and molder without me , but I cried , "" Let there be light ! """
tr	NNS	Discarded containers and other rubbish littered the pavement .
tr	NNS	My hopes disappeared when I heard voices , distantly , and saw two faeries approaching me on the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were mortal enemies and it seemed that it was a feud that had also been passed down from generation to generation .
tr	NNS	There was something magical about her , something powerful that Aran couldn 't quite place .
tr	NNS	Waves of arrogant self-importance radiated from them .
tr	NNS	But such accommodating lovers are hard to come by .
tr	NNS	Between the fountains scenic paintings formed vistas of incredible beauty .
tr	NNS	Even with the steady decline in real estate value , apartments in the building where Colton lived still cost a small fortune to rent .
tr	NNS	Suddenly military vehicles began appearing on each side of the road , headed east .
tr	NNS	" Keepers cannot bear children .
va	NN	the bouncer asked skeptically .
va	NNS	But the terms he set tell me he gave some thought to this request .
va	NNS	Tears are pooling in her eyes .
va	NN	Did your little queen think that one up ? "
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated as he pushed Nicolai back .
te	NNS	 Religious truths are my particular specialty . 
tr	NNS	Little strands of her hair caught in the stubble , weaving them together .
va	NNS	His juror picks did not guarantee a win for us , but they were the right picks to hear Gillard Shutter 's insanity defense .
tr	NNS	Her raunchy sexual suggestions had tapered off , focusing on soft pillows and cool sheets rather than vibrating marital aids and zero inhibitions .
tr	NNS	Once deposited there , these funds escaped the oversight of practically everyone in the world .
va	NNS	Others followed , and soon a thick stream of spiders was flowing out of the cave and gathering around us .
va	NNS	All the boxed items stood for things that had meant something to him .
tr	NNS	As he pulled his shirt back on and settled his jacket on his shoulders , the beginnings of a seduction strategy sprang to life .
tr	NNS	Here the wares of the world were available for purchase .
tr	NNS	Your scales are my armor .
tr	NNS	"There are no records to speak of . """
tr	NNS	Gramps always said good things came to those who held out the longest .
tr	NNS	"Words banged into each other as they tried to get out of his mouth . """
tr	NNS	Maybe the rats didn 't know , either .
va	NNS	Others were texting or playing with their phones .
te	NNS	Myles went back to what he 'd been about to say .
tr	NNS	 Things seemed really tense at your house when I picked you up . 
va	NNS	 Her quarters look very old . 
tr	NNS	Next thing Nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things .
tr	NNS	I was empty and lonely but at the same time free of them , ' fuck them ' I thought , rich pompous assholes .
te	NNS	Others , who are brave enough to refuse the Mark , will starve or freeze to death without any action on the part of the Antichrist himself .
tr	NNS	There were three rows of three seats , enough for nine adults , and again he switched on the ignition and everything lit up on the dash .
tr	NNS	His technicians should have the bomb ready to go by nightfall , hours ahead of schedule .
tr	NNS	After all , my instincts may want to trust him , but the rest of me isn 't nearly as easy to impress ... or fool .
tr	NNS	 Large mining facilities ,  he said .
tr	NNS	Flames licked up from the wound like blood .
tr	NNS	"And special demons target those same individuals in special ways . """
tr	NNS	"The tunnels all connect to the sewage network so you can get in and out from almost anywhere . """
tr	NNS	The beginning strains of a Murder by Death song ring out .
tr	NNS	The two detectives immediately apologized and left the room .
tr	NNS	The women were on the bow , watching dolphins swim alongside Teleport .
tr	NNS	Aris stared blankly into eyes the woman now raised to his in embarrassment , watched her rush to her table , then back with the promised towel .
tr	NNS	 The minions of strife ,  Bjorn said .
tr	NNS	Guns were an entirely new weapon for our people .
tr	NNS	The corners of his mouth twitched .
va	NNS	 So as far as you know , there aren 't any dissident factions among your mates ? 
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going to get bad .
tr	NNS	During the day the carefully placed openings looked like miniature suns , blazing away .
tr	NNS	Flames licked the roof , eating toward the skylight from which Nance had fled .
tr	NNS	The burger platters were on order , a pitcher of beer sweated between them , and Archer 's contact sheets were spread over the table .
tr	NNS	Cars were still pulling in and parking haphazardly on the grass on the far side of the lot .
tr	NNS	Our clients aren 't vegetarians .
tr	NNS	Then Saul 's eyelids flickered and he ... lowered his head ?
tr	NNS	There were vases , an Excalibur ( the car , not the sword ) , and cases of whisky .
te	NNS	The documents in it were as dull as the rest .
tr	NNS	Strangers kill other strangers for sexual satisfaction .
te	NNS	There were almost specific locations , almost specific dates .
tr	NNS	" Humans do not become angels , Brother .
te	NN	He drank my blood in deep , gulping pulls that made my heart race while his eyes remained locked on mine .
te	NNS	The rumors could be true -- a royal heir might have survived .
te	NNS	Your subjects shall feed an army that shall devour the races of the worlds . "
tr	NNS	My headaches worsened because of the weaning , but I had to force myself to suffer through the pain .
tr	NNS	Some invaders had entered the church and blocked the door .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of seeing Trick in the buff makes my cheeks flame and my stomach flutter with excitement .
tr	NNS	Their frantic attempts to spread what they thought were the true gospels of God were pathetically human in all its arrogance .
tr	NNS	The black creatures had returned and his fate was sealed .
va	NNS	"But the creatures there are not at all like you and me . """
te	NNS	Others never made their way back home .
te	NNS	 All right ,  the twins gave each other a high five .
tr	NNS	Looks like a drug overdose .
tr	NNS	Some elements can be together in this point in time , but then they can separate in the future and meet with other elements .
tr	NNS	The shifters moved out behind him , followed by the Vampires and the two men .
tr	NNS	"Others are pointing at it , gasping , murmuring , "" What the hell is that ? """
tr	NNS	" The werewolves are on their way , so she can 't see anything that will happen now .
tr	NN	Just like that , our Sector 7 was in the presence of the Kitsune Clan 's second-in-command , Akira Miyamoto herself .
tr	NN	The guilt was enormous , though he tried to console himself with the fact that he was on her side .
tr	NNS	Guns and knives bounced around us with the swiftness of his movements .
tr	NNS	Once we were off the freeway , there were no streetlights or houses in sight .
tr	NN	A whole raft of conflicted feelings raced through her .
tr	NN	A thrill went through Kizzy .
tr	NNS	The tentacles drew closer .
tr	NN	Part of that had to do with her brother 's death ; he was killed in a car accident the year she turned eighteen .
tr	NN	The canoe was also turning .
tr	NN	A little too much boom , his friend 's look seemed to say , and Gage smiled .
tr	NNS	Our Dark cousins will not send another assassin until the community becomes complacent again .
tr	NNS	With the same deafening grind the triangles retracted into the surrounding floor .
tr	NN	The assault began in the early gray light of dawn .
tr	NN	The perpetrator sat here and waited for his victim ?
tr	NN	The medical examiner 's still looking at her . "
te	NNS	" No buts , we 'll get through it , look at how much we 've already gotten through .
tr	NNS	For the first time in months , his actions matched his heart .
tr	NN	You still working on that run down cattle ranch with your mommy and daddy ?
tr	NNS	His vital signs are steady , and he doesn 't have a fever .
tr	NN	A grimace of pain shot across his features .
tr	NN	The audience clapped as the lights dimmed and clowns filed out from pretty much every direction .
tr	NNS	The crucial cells become inert and then disintegrate within seconds .
tr	NNS	Words were the most powerful tool .
tr	NN	A tiny trickle was making its way down the side of the stalactite and forming droplets that fell a few feet to the stalagmite .
tr	NN	The implication was that small-town middle of farm country wasn 't the most likely place to find a writer of paranormal thrillers .
tr	NNS	But appearances were deceiving .
tr	NN	My uncle is closing up . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly the creatures sprang toward me , over the black floor , howling hideously .
tr	NNS	The wolves all howled together showing him their acceptance of what he 'd declared .
va	NNS	The tentacles rose as one .
tr	NNS	The sexy images , as well as playing with magic left her shaken and her knees way too weak to go for a stroll .
va	NNS	Voices rose in the wind , swirled in the mists , telling her to go back , to leave while she could .
tr	NNS	"Others might use it to kill as well and escape the consequences in this fashion . """
tr	NNS	Charcoal sketches graced the walls .
tr	NNS	The chains around her ankles knock against the steps and then drag ominously across the hardwoods on the upstairs floor .
tr	NNS	More loud shouts from below piqued Tom 's attention and he decided to follow after Cody .
tr	NNS	 Hawthorne was barely more than a boy ,  noted the duchess .
te	NNS	Things her ex-husband had told her were bad .
va	NNS	But before he 'd taken more than a half dozen steps in my direction , two more Reapers had moved to block him .
tr	NNS	The lights downstairs are all off except one in the hall , and the pool 's lights underneath the water .
tr	NNS	The images of the old ones had no mes  sages for him .
tr	NNS	"My classes are tough this semester . """
tr	NNS	Their hurried footsteps echoed down the hall toward the nursery .
tr	NNS	The dripping wetness of blood filled his grip , but it was only a small scratch , and not enough to stop the next attack from coming .
tr	NNS	Although she stood in the midst of the moving masses , their footsteps avoided her , as if she were in a protective bubble .
tr	NNS	Too many centuries had passed since he 'd last been tempted to entrust a mortal with the truth about who he was .
te	NNS	The tracks were ... unusual .
tr	NNS	Credit cards were not yet in existence .
tr	NNS	These powers , these abilities - already I can ' t imagine not having them.This is my destiny .
tr	NNS	When a male dies , other males move in to try to take the female , kill her cubs , and start their own prides or packs .
tr	NNS	Despite the warm June night , chills rolled through Callie 's body as she lay on her back , blinking against the darkness .
tr	NNS	The tickets , cerulean disks no bigger than playing cards and coded to her DNA and his Standard DI Number , had their own clocks .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of princesses kidnapped in Paraguay control my mindset .
tr	NNS	The approaching loud sirens also fell in distracted silence as well as the scrapping sound of the car 's bare rim .
tr	NNS	Things had changed a bit when we finally made our way back to the party .
tr	NNS	The fall colors were rich and striking , like a landscape painting , but even that didn 't lift her spirits .
te	NNS	The locker room 's showers keep the air humid ; I can almost feel the warm water on my shoulders .
tr	NNS	The council members have voted to stay to attempt to come to some agreement .
va	NNS	Their camouflage uniforms were so noticeably mortal , but the armbands with Ares ' symbol were anything but mortal .
tr	NNS	The demons Aaron was fighting weren 't ones Dylan could slay for him , so he wasn 't sure he could help .
tr	NNS	Since Karen had started dating Michael the media and plenty of freelance photographers were often close by snapping pictures of her .
tr	NNS	The technicians had been hard at work rigging extra cameras .
tr	NNS	There were rich buyers out there .
tr	NNS	Elias followed his movements .
tr	NNS	Erin 's passes are harder and crisper after Terrell leaves , which lets me know she 's upset .
tr	NNS	Quite a few jaws dropped open .
tr	NNS	The bandages were off and the cuts healed , but who knew about Demetria herself .
tr	NNS	" The carvings , as far as I can tell , are genuine .
te	NN	 No signal , "" she muttered and tossed it into the passenger seat ."
tr	NNS	 Damn night patrols ,  one grumbled .
tr	NNS	But arrows couldn 't kill what was already dead .
te	NNS	The wolves howled in agony as they turned into piles of ashes , and after a couple dozen were dusted , the saws flickered and disappeared .
tr	NNS	The girl 's thumbs had scarcely pressed into the sockets of the man 's closed eyes when the telephone in the house started ringing .
tr	NNS	 There were zombies on the loose , so , yes , and he volunteered . 
tr	NNS	Reyes gave the knife yet another twist , and the tip sliced the bone in two , driving straight into another muscle .
tr	NNS	Things like the shire raising funds to return some capital to the family .
tr	NNS	Your actions were unexplainable ?
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees that they 'd find anyone , and even fewer that there was anyone to find .
tr	NNS	"Mistress requests my presence . """
tr	NNS	Things have happened too fast for her , when I should have taken it slow , but my feelings are real .
tr	NNS	It opened up to a bigger room ; from what Claire could see , there were big leather couches and bookshelves , like a real home .
tr	NNS	His eyelids tightened and then widened as a smile unveiled a crescent of slightly uneven teeth .
tr	NNS	His fingernails were something out of a horror film .
tr	NNS	The streetlights did little to illuminate the attackers , and I felt the sting of a needle just before a bag was shoved over my head .
tr	NNS	"Looks like I showed up just in time . """
va	NNS	Jael glances between us , sensing subtext .
tr	NNS	Barker 's personal living quarters rivals the mayor 's own , yet Barker has no official job title or description .
tr	NNS	The only birthdays she recalled were the ones she spent missing her mother and hurting that her father chose to work instead of staying home .
te	NNS	The swords were a gift from the Most High and something every Sent One was given .
tr	NNS	Somehow the blades had missed the main body of the sub , but she knew there had to be major damage to the cable .
tr	NNS	She dashes down the stairs , flings open the steel door of the basement and jumps over the last steps .
tr	NNS	Her creatures stepped back when she came toward me .
va	NNS	The ladies in each case were pleasant enough , but there 'd been no spark .
tr	NNS	Aris nodded , obviously as perplexed as anyone else in the room .
te	NNS	These creatures are not planetary creatures at all , though they may alight on a planet here and there ; like a bird alighting on a tree .
va	NNS	The tunnels are narrow , uncomfortable , and hot and moist as if the PCs are inside a living breathing beast .
tr	NNS	Scheduling jazz ensemble rehearsals was even more of a pain .
tr	NNS	Tears stung my eyes .
te	NNS	Furious with herself for allowing his words to wound her , she hurried down the street , headed in the direction of the Seattle waterfront .
tr	NNS	Reyes took hold of her arm .
va	NNS	The shots kept echoing outside the door .
tr	NNS	Romulus tightened his grip on the Silent Deal .
tr	NNS	Torches were lit around the arena , and in the center of the ring of spectators , were two shifted wolves .
tr	NNS	Diggs got a bottled water from the fridge for himself , and I nodded gratefully when he tipped one my way .
tr	NNS	"The other two bitches they got , "" he said ."
tr	NNS	"The goons here said you were sick . """
tr	NNS	Blood drops on the carpet -- Moon 's I hope -- provided a perfect tracking trail .
tr	NNS	As much as she wanted to believe that he was committed , his actions spoke against him .
te	NNS	Mages need two hands to work .
te	NNS	" Their chances are great .
tr	NNS	My eyelids became heavy and I fell face forward into the snow , my limbs no longer capable of supporting me .
tr	NN	A velvet rope blocked the entrance .
tr	NN	The sergeant strolled across the packed sand of the parade ground .
tr	NN	My precious merchandise set free .
tr	NN	 The colonel is in good health ."
tr	NNS	The contents of his stomach rose sharply again , bile burning up his throat .
te	NNS	" Only the fiercest warriors and their women will live up above the rest in these castles , men like myself ... and you , of course .
tr	NNS	The moving images flickered on rewind through his memory .
tr	NN	There was a lamp on his desk with a green ceramic shade , which cast a small swath of light over the desk and the floor .
tr	NNS	As I said earlier , the roads are completely impassable . "
tr	NNS	Reyes nodded , then dismissed Rolf with a wave of his hand .
tr	NNS	Girls tossed their long hair , boys swung their leather-clad hips , and bare skin glittered with sweat .
tr	NNS	Many cabinets and drawers are open , revealing that there 's nothing much inside .
tr	NNS	The green moss woven around the pebble was sure indicator that the pebble was steady there for years .
tr	NNS	 Well , the experiments are for ...  she started to say , then stuttered , not sure where to go .
tr	NNS	Looks like she went there to die , and I was sent away from there because someone didn 't want me .
tr	NNS	Back in those days , there were many types of experimental beings in the world .
tr	NNS	Lots of Mums use their cars to collect the kids from school and then you can find a parking space .
va	NNS	Faded signs directed the various users to the right place .
tr	NNS	There were wood slats for ventilation , and a few were off kilter .
tr	NNS	Virtually all scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed .
va	NNS	Behind them , two taller figures who looked like brothers dragged along a third man , his arms slung over their shoulders .
tr	NNS	"Shadowhunters like you ! """
te	NNS	Mike 's brownies , however , did .
tr	NNS	Fellows took advantage of the butler 's absence to start going through the writing table .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he looked down at her with so much intensity that she could hardly hold his gaze .
tr	NNS	" Those torches along the wall are almost burnt to stubs .
tr	NNS	Questions seemed to be working .
tr	NN	The archer poured tea .
tr	NN	 This theory was the fashion until 1953 , when a group of retired agents ... "" Eva and Tina 's attention drifted back out the window ."
tr	NNS	The firm 's security specialists were already working on it , but they apparently didn 't have high hopes of finding any answers soon .
tr	NNS	Zeus vanished from sight .
tr	NNS	"Things can get pretty confusing back here . """
tr	NNS	"Thoughts of losing your job can keep you up at night . """
te	NNS	All characters and events in this publication are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , or real events are entirely coincidental .
tr	NNS	A long , low hiss of air heralded the working of lungs .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder , nearer .
tr	NNS	The spiritual experiences flowed through the memories like the water of the mighty Rhone River .
tr	NNS	Michaels asked honestly , trying not to provoke the man with the gun .
tr	NNS	His nostrils immediately flared and the line between his eyebrows deepened as he stared at the study door .
va	NNS	"The doctors stitched you up a bit . """
tr	NNS	These fantasies needed to stop .
te	NNS	Tears I couldn 't contain anymore broke free and I felt Clare lean in to join us .
tr	NNS	" The stronger zombies are right here in the country and isolated areas , because they infect people slower .
tr	NNS	The Evernight types started laughing , and Courtney even applauded .
tr	NN	The red pendant had flashed and the knife had been unable to pierce Ren 's flesh .
tr	NNS	 Our mothers are friends through a charity group in our town ."
tr	NNS	My girlfriends and I had done the predictable thing and gone to Vegas .
te	NNS	"If our men are capable of the things they 're doing , the species shouldn 't survive . """
tr	NNS	Looks like they  re doing some physical harm to the creature as they work in unison .
tr	NNS	Three wolves , Andrew , Jackson , Gabriel and Francis are fighting the vampires .
tr	NNS	The twins were a surprise , yes , but a pleasant one .
tr	NNS	His uncle still plotted , his cousins were either not speaking to him or still missing .
tr	NNS	The ideas running around in my head were killing me .
tr	NNS	A few drops of water splashed onto her richly embroidered green satin skirt .
tr	NNS	The lovers weren 't going to get some romantic , happy ending .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as if pulling in her scent and his jaw bunched with tension .
va	NNS	yelled a dozen voices , footsteps pounding the stairs .
te	NNS	Things just never worked out that way .
tr	NNS	Things between Sebastian and I had finally felt like they were making sense .
tr	NNS	His hand presses firmer on the small of my back .
tr	NNS	"Things are gon na get really bad any second . """
tr	NNS	But the deaths he had caused rubbed his soul raw .
tr	NNS	Bones let out a snort .
tr	NNS	With the help of the microscope , the twins were testing the points sequentially , using fine probes .
te	NNS	" The top three floors of the club have fantasy rooms , and each room has a place for dancers .
tr	NN	The mate he wanted for himself was not going to be there because she had to .
tr	NN	The steel hatch rose higher .
tr	NN	A vicious bark pulled Viktor back to consciousness .
tr	NN	His personality matched the bad boy presence attributed to teenage angst .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to be mad at Paul , but I knew he was only trying to help .
tr	NNS	 These bonding chains are extraordinary ."
tr	NNS	Lights pinpointed that darkness like stars in the night sky .
tr	NNS	Things were sketchy from there .
tr	NNS	Their lunches arrived and served .
tr	NNS	"As I said , there were no witnesses . """
tr	NNS	 His warriors might have complained before but certainly not afterward ! 
tr	NNS	The squirrels don 't mind if your face is dirty . '
tr	NNS	The virgins got the most money while other girls went for a few thousand .
tr	NNS	Slow little movements of her hips arched to him , asking more of him .
va	NNS	Vampires had no idea that they were marked for extinction .
tr	NNS	Those green spaces were beautiful to the boy , still terrible but beautiful .
tr	NNS	Some members of Remy 's group had started it by making a pile of goods in one of the aisles and lighting it on fire .
te	NNS	The murmurs in the courtroom grew louder .
tr	NNS	There was something sincere about her .
tr	NNS	 More and more deaths will happen . 
tr	NNS	There were various tales of the enchanted Sword but nothing was clear as to its ultimate fate .
tr	NNS	Pushing their shields forward to catch any blows , the nomad warriors began swinging their blades at the stranger .
va	NNS	Marius shook his head .
tr	NNS	His two companions dropped beside us .
tr	NNS	Zero 's circuits warmed as he happily agreed .
va	NNS	Linoleum floors never felt as good as they did at that moment .
tr	NNS	The small lizards hadn 't bothered her , but snakes , now that was something else .
tr	NNS	About twenty minutes ago , the creatures had left the same way they 'd come .
tr	NNS	Soldiers began to drop into the cavern , and several of Ham 's aides moved forward , helping the newcomers and directing them down a side tunnel .
va	NNS	Babies and young mothers sleep in open doorways and beneath damp blankets of newspaper .
te	NNS	Those baby blues widened in pure fear and she stumbled back with her arms outstretched as if to ward off an attacker .
tr	NNS	Tears shine in Violetta 's eyes .
va	NNS	A million ribbons of pleasure spread through her body as his tongue slid the entire length of her fingers while his teeth gently nipped her flesh .
tr	NNS	Lives in an apartment in the Warehouse District , mom lives out in Hammond with his younger sister .
tr	NNS	Things like kissing and touching their breasts , of moving inside ... No !
te	NNS	My fears of having been gone for years faded back into the realm of nightmare .
te	NNS	My efforts even yet fell well short , and once again I believed myself abandoned .
te	NNS	Behind us the zombies had entered the house and were now crowding into the hallway .
tr	NNS	 How well do the swarms see ? 
tr	NNS	All colors drained from their faces , and they dropped whatever they were holding .
tr	NNS	The ghosts fall from her and she follows a path of her creation from her isolation into the world beyond .
tr	NNS	The sobs were soft at first , but then they intensified .
tr	NNS	Ivan 's feeble attempts had been foolish .
tr	NNS	All the other couples were leaving the dance floor .
tr	NNS	The only real splashes of color in the ballroom were the people who 'd answered Madeline 's summons .
tr	NNS	Future generations depend on this moment .
te	NNS	Some letters came out of that machine fifty years before they were posted ! '
va	NNS	Even the forged passports and documents were in the suitcase .
tr	NNS	Rocks sailed out of the buildings , raining down around us .
tr	NNS	The vamps were using students to do their research for them .
tr	NNS	Fast footsteps echoed down the hallway outside the hangar .
tr	NNS	Curious what he was thinking , she reached out , trying to feel him through their connection the way Helen had talked about .
va	NNS	"All the tours start in the Grand Hall . """
tr	NNS	"Though getting soldiers to buy me drinks is not much money . """
tr	NNS	Electric arcs of green pulsed at the hinges until the cell swung open .
tr	NNS	The bright spotlights came on in the grand lobby , reflecting off the glass and chrome fixtures .
tr	NNS	"Looks like you 're ready to huff and puff and blow my house down . """
tr	NNS	Flames gushed out of its mouth engulfing Diane .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings spun faster and faster .
tr	NNS	Girls were another matter altogether .
tr	NNS	The icy peaks of northern Hate and Fear had given way to rolling plans in the south-central region of the Hate domain .
tr	NNS	He stalked out of the room , his movements rushed .
tr	NNS	"The roads are getting worse . """
tr	NNS	And with that both mothers jumped up and down clapping their hands like two small children .
tr	NNS	" The scientists made me this way !
te	NNS	The bullets tore through the middle Green , grinding him apart first , then piercing the two Greens on either side .
te	NNS	But what I know is that my sister comes to our house and the next day our cows are dry . "
tr	NNS	Vivid images of the dream sizzled through her .
tr	NNS	Several crumbs of stone had rolled off the walls of the castle and fallen down below .
tr	NNS	The sea lay below him down a rugged path , the cliffs soared high behind .
tr	NNS	The printing presses and machines were in the middle third of the floor , like an island .
tr	NNS	Hardwood floors gleamed in every direction .
va	NNS	"Mortals still need us . """
tr	NNS	Words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane .
tr	NNS	"There aren 't any oil leaks . """
te	NNS	The pillows perfectly plump and arranged .
tr	NNS	Tucker 's nostrils flared with the force of his breathing , but he remained in his seat .
te	NNS	"Cassius wasn 't willing to take that chance , so I stayed . """
tr	NNS	There remained too many variables , too much unknown and unexplained .
tr	NNS	The main rotors started to turn as he put on his helmet and buckled himself in .
tr	NNS	The seals for the massive internal hangar deck were complete and the ship had been declared operational .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was there .
tr	NNS	Since then more disappointing letters had poured in .
va	NNS	The high suns roiled fog off the wet beach and coated her skin with a fine grit of salt .
tr	NNS	Immediately the thousands below started screaming , awestruck .
tr	NNS	The whispered rumours said it was magically distilled and was the reason those from the Manor lived longer than anyone else on the island .
tr	NNS	So the chances of Ronan spending time in Jackie 's mind were slim .
tr	NNS	The seeds of revolution preceded their arrival , but few there had any idea what the Romanov children actually looked like .
tr	NNS	Three rusted Napoleon twelve pounder tubes captured from Confederate emplacements at the Wilderness stood picket .
va	NNS	A ruckus in the entry catches our attention .
va	NNS	At Avenue X , images of he and his dad throwing around a baseball in the park flash through his mind .
tr	NNS	Their movements were slow but steady .
va	NNS	Odysseus didn 't really know why .
tr	NNS	The two cops looked at Steven , trying to figure out what to do with him .
te	NNS	Our kisses were gentle and sweet , but I longed for more passion .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed , serving more like a death knell rather than an emergency warning system .
tr	NNS	Dark creatures haunt our borders .
tr	NNS	Little strands of blond hair stick to Erin 's face , and her cute little ears have turned red .
tr	NNS	Other students , leaving classes as they heard the news , were just entering the union when they witnessed the cheering .
tr	NNS	My eyelids lift open .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her to rip open the door , shove him back into the hall , and lock it after him .
tr	NNS	"Gramps is visiting so I might be busy . """
tr	NNS	Only a few floors to go .
tr	NNS	Rufus raised one eyebrow .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's scales dug like claws into his free hand as he tried to steady himself on the dragon 's back .
va	NNS	" The Ancient Greeks did it before ' em .
va	NNS	His extensive injuries and being expelled from school were bad , but the worst thing for him must have been getting kicked off the football team .
va	NNS	Tears clouded my eyes as I looked down .
va	NN	A surge of anger shot through her .
va	NNS	The medics walk into the house as I kneel by his head and stroke his hair .
va	NNS	Bones really belong in the earth .
va	NN	A category of their own you might say .
va	NN	Darkness was flooding my vision .
va	NNS	Dios took a deep breath .
va	NN	The bandit who has been chasing me rushes forward from behind a thick tree , right toward Sergei .
va	NN	The perspective was from the far end of the parking lot .
va	NNS	His intense loneliness and desire to be at her side consumed him when he was without her .
va	NNS	 But wouldn 't PODS have spotted any brine ice pockets when it did its density scans ?"
te	NNS	As he revved it , the gears crunched and the wheels started spinning .
tr	NNS	The next day the newspapers said a miracle happened .
tr	NNS	The three zombies turned and walked back into the shadows .
tr	NNS	Her actions had skewered into his very identity , which had already been compromised from birth by her influence .
tr	NNS	The trench was deserted of men , only the rats remained .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus pulled away from her and fainted .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , my efforts to make contact with Brandon weren 't going well .
tr	NNS	Three technicians had entered with the handling device and behind them a uniformed nurse waited with visible impatience .
va	NNS	Briefing packets will be on board with mission specifics .
va	NNS	Shop keepers and maids , young and old all stopped their day 's chores to come out and see what all the commotion was about .
tr	NNS	There are a third of a million cases every year that are not famous .
tr	NNS	Maks did not relish the thought of retrieving nine bloodied corpses from the bottom of the Four Brothers mine .
tr	NNS	All the trials and ordeals we 'd experienced had led to this moment , this perfect moment .
tr	NNS	Others had to feel safer , more secure , simply by entering her presence .
va	NNS	Wooden decks gleamed , and from what I could see of the interior , it was furnished as nicely as Owen 's house .
te	NNS	Because the wagon was upside down , the contents fell on the inside of the canvas top of the wagon .
te	NNS	The towering skyscrapers of downtown hadn 't changed too much since he was last there .
tr	NNS	Ben accepted the bottle and shook it slightly before popping the cork , imitating sports stars all over the world .
tr	NNS	That the choking sobs torn from my chest were really mine .
tr	NNS	Myles couldn 't imagine Vivian associated with any of that .
tr	NNS	"And our targets will be ? """
tr	NNS	Gramps smiles and sighs as if he has just completed a task on his to do list .
tr	NNS	The mattress was as firm as the one at home , the pillows ample and comfortable .
te	NNS	But facts are facts and we both have to face them .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are extraordinarily tall in here , the walls paneled with cherry and framed with stone .
tr	NNS	Certain creatures have sharp ears .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps stomped up the steps .
tr	NNS	 Where are my daggers ? 
tr	NNS	The tentacles , no longer metallic but formed from white , quivering flesh , disappeared and reappeared in quick succession .
tr	NNS	But the physical changes were insignificant .
tr	NNS	Charitable activities can be an outlet , in some cases even a calling , so i contact civic organizations and volunteer .
tr	NNS	The nurses entered the baby 's room as we left , pretending they hadn 't been called by the emergency button , fluffing pillows and straightening sheets .
tr	NNS	Both axes sliced and hit nothing but air .
tr	NNS	"All units converge . """
tr	NNS	 All these bags are dinner ? 
va	NNS	"Lots , "" Ruth said , unnerved by the question ."
tr	NNS	The footsteps passed back the other way , over his head .
tr	NNS	She knew some of the truth , saw the medical records in the terrifying note that sent her fleeing in terror out to the Seychelles .
va	NNS	Its petals , wide and smooth , were completely open and welcoming .
tr	NNS	 There are traitors in the Corporation . 
tr	NNS	Outside appearances suggested the wealthy man had jetted off for a wild Saturday night at the Bellagio .
tr	NNS	The white owls perched upon his head beneath the winter moon ; they wiped their beaks and thought him dead under the stars of June .
tr	NNS	Those qualities were basic to a lifetime relationship , and they 'd both suffered for not cultivating them .
va	NNS	"These ladies knew Jesus Christ before you knew him , "" said Benedict and looked angrily at the accuser ."
va	NNS	The cost of a child on elvish society is significant , and as such , most elves simply do not bother .
tr	NNS	There were two glowing palm prints on the cushions , with flecks of golden glitter the exact shade of his eyes .
tr	NNS	To this day , many families in European town can trace their descendants back to European traders and they take pride in this .
tr	NNS	Delores popped from the driver 's side and jogged toward us .
tr	NNS	Fellows turned onto Upper Brook Street and walked to Grosvenor Square and Hart 's house .
tr	NNS	His eyelids recoiled from the same blinding light that had ushered him from one nightmare to the other .
tr	NNS	Her own juices coated her fingers as she found the source of her torment .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me to leave , but his green eyes softened .
tr	NNS	Words , like flickering black lightning , came out of that mist , threatening to sear his soul .
tr	NNS	Some idiots thought it a good idea to club down our guards and try to get to you .
tr	NNS	"Things ended ... well , pretty much just before you started going out . """
tr	NNS	"Maybe his footsteps in the hall were too familiar for her to block the knowledge from herself . """
te	NNS	No hand was at the sweep of the Tigress , no oars drove her through the green water .
tr	NNS	Most members of The Courant relied on the guards to defend and protect them .
tr	NNS	The woman watched him go , then leaned back against the cage bars , she dreamed of the morsel of food .
tr	NNS	The characters almost calmly accept the spectral visitations , as though they were everyday occurrences .
tr	NNS	The costumes were too small and they had to keep all the other kids in line on stage .
tr	NNS	His fans went from feeling heartbroken to feeling betrayed .
tr	NNS	Four rows of fangs gleamed inside .
tr	NNS	 How are the tickets for this game ? 
tr	NNS	The stones were heavy and unlike their crumbling appearance in history books , they were pristine and straight .
va	NNS	His wolves didn 't so much have his back as were waiting to take him out the first chance they could .
tr	NNS	Questions only spoiled things .
tr	NNS	"The creatures hunt small vermin out in the fields and he brings them in for shelter of an evening . """
te	NNS	Others have it under observation from without .
tr	NNS	Ne lass is worth 28 days in detention .
tr	NNS	Cronus gripped my arm , his fingers a cuff of flesh and bone , and no amount of subtle tugging and twisting loosened them .
tr	NNS	The tunnels are very short range and I can choose what frequencies pass through them .
tr	NNS	Doors don 't actually go anywhere !
va	NNS	The prisoners seethed with hatred , yet none of them fought back .
tr	NNS	" There 're a few bare facts .
tr	NN	The majority of the male archeologists preferred the digging , and the girls in the group didn 't want to be treated like girls and went along .
tr	NNS	Others stared in dazed wonder , as if they 'd dreamed my arrival .
tr	NN	 So what 's with the T-shirt , angel face ? """
tr	NNS	Where would the targets be this time ?
tr	NNS	On the field below , her classmates moved into their assigned seats .
tr	NNS	Two Lights could share one color , but no two living Creatures of the Light shared both colors .
tr	NNS	A dozen switches beat her , ripping her clothing .
te	NNS	Reyes would not be able to follow him if Danika were not close by .
tr	NNS	Your siblings already proved that .
tr	NNS	The pouches struck one another .
te	NNS	The media would inform him soon enough , if he didn 't know already .
tr	NNS	Megan dresses stylishly and possesses a very bouncy personality .
va	NNS	There were about five hundred acres that lay between the house and the next development .
tr	NNS	The black creatures would be as wolves among sheep .
va	NNS	Glittering drops , off to the left , caught my eye .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales are for children .
tr	NNS	Servants brought in plates of food , helping to divert the attention away from her .
tr	NNS	My suit shudders and I fall , hitting the ground hard and rolling along until I hit a rocky spire .
tr	NNS	Even heard we had the body of Jimmy Hoffa and the Roswell aliens in here .
tr	NNS	"The drugs must be wearing off . """
va	NNS	The political lies came hard and fast .
tr	NNS	The omelets were cheesy and gooey with all sorts of perfectly cooked , fresh vegetables and the french toast was thick and steaming .
va	NNS	Even as she spoke , bits of their conversation played through her mind .
va	NNS	 Sorry , fellas ,  Jarrett said .
te	NNS	"Our enemies aren 't going to know what 's hit them ! """
te	NNS	On her attempt , the edges of Iona 's circle turned soggy , but she kept control .
tr	NNS	No footsteps resounded from the halls beyond his bedchamber door .
tr	NNS	"Blue screens usually mean death when it comes to computers . """
tr	NNS	Normal human beings had knees and legs and hips and bodies that were built for modest heights , but tonight that didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Watson 's cronies shot it full of holes while you were in it .
tr	NNS	Three zombies stumbled out of one of the backyards in front of them .
tr	NNS	The countess held her hand over the railing .
tr	NNS	Soldiers killed people without hope for personal gain .
tr	NNS	Delays , she thought , there are always delays when you have business with life and death .
tr	NNS	Black 's hopes soared .
tr	NNS	"By now my servants will have unpacked everything for you . """
tr	NNS	I walked toward the door , my footsteps muffled by thick sculpted carpet .
va	NNS	Things are not looking good in that marriage at all .
va	NNS	Cassius shrunk back , quietly sputtering his defense .
tr	NNS	"The chickens won 't shut up as it is , and they can 't say a word ! """
tr	NNS	My leads were disappearing faster than I could track them down ; that didn 't bode well for Kat .
tr	NNS	Wolf Eyes thought he could take them at any time .
tr	NNS	Some tales were way off base and suggested I lost control of my four-wheeler and smashed my head into the ground .
tr	NNS	Further shouts and calls came from the belts of fog below .
tr	NNS	Loud shouts echoed throughout the streets as a man swung his fists at anyone who was near him .
tr	NNS	Looks like this drive won 't take an hour after all .
tr	NNS	As he collected his thoughts in anticipation of calling Frank the only witnesses to the crime drove down a side street in their blue Jaguar .
tr	NNS	His instincts were for the latter , but he was extremely curious about how much the FBI knew .
tr	NNS	No messages , Maggie thought grimly .
te	NNS	Thoughts of their earlier lovemaking did nothing to soothe her .
tr	NNS	 Where are your bunks ? 
tr	NNS	Upstairs he floated past walls adorned with platinum discs and knocked on the rose wood door .
te	NNS	In his mind , the deaths he 'd caused were necessary , explaining the victim 's clean death and their remote placement .
te	NNS	Dark sunglasses hide his eyes , but not his smile .
tr	NNS	"* * * "" Ashe made a good suggestion , Aedan ."
tr	NNS	" In a place with two suns like some science fiction movie ?
tr	NNS	In return , was Muhammad to accept , these leaders pledged to accept Muhammad as a prophet and would thus support the new religion of Islam .
tr	NN	The sheriff looked like he wanted to say more .
tr	NNS	Oddly , chills went down my spine after hearing it .
tr	NN	However , there is some language that would suggest the money be made available to you immediately if the court ruled you were in danger . "
va	NNS	My eyelids felt like they had lead weights attached to them .
tr	NNS	Jace 's brows lifted .
tr	NNS	The gates began to swing open .
tr	NNS	Instead , happier conclusions of escape and long life seemed the only logical answer .
tr	NNS	The ladies stayed together for moral support .
tr	NNS	There were several letters , texts and phone calls with Lillian .
tr	NNS	Reyes reached him , leaned down and cupped his shoulder , then gave a shake .
tr	NNS	Her movements were slow and agonizing , and I averted my eyes , not wanting to see her in so much pain .
tr	NNS	My nostrils still flared with every breath .
tr	NNS	"My cats won 't mind a little company . """
tr	NNS	At the time , factions were fighting over territory , land and rights to licenses .
tr	NNS	" Things are horribly busy , but you know what ?
tr	NN	The receptionist suddenly reappeared from behind the wall .
tr	NN	A thrill ran through Sally .
tr	NNS	The shots might be staged , but William 's emotions will be real .
tr	NNS	The ladies behind me let out small giggles when I looked back at them and shrugged my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Some people 's travels lasted one day , others two days , and yet others who doubled back through time involuntarily for several weeks .
tr	NN	But from this pair 's description , their uncle was more concerned with his coffers than his kin .
tr	NN	What will you stake as you send gamble with the lives of thousands of soldiers ? "
te	NNS	Reyes watched Maddox with shock .
tr	NNS	Local authorities wouldn 't have been too chuffed .
tr	NNS	"More and more the villages , towns , and "" cities "" of Earth died and were swallowed by the Cities ."
tr	NNS	The Intelligence services would also have to pull their weight in this great game that was being played on their behalf .
te	NNS	Things were hazy and loopy and just weird .
va	NNS	~ ~ * ~ ~ Things weren 't weird after sex with Brodie .
tr	NNS	Most priests don 't take any such vow but are generally expected to live simply .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched in his jaws , and he made a cutting gesture with the edge of his hand .
tr	NNS	"Looks like I 've found me own slice of it . """
tr	NNS	"In her world , institute spies are everywhere and they 're all trying to follow her . """
tr	NNS	In a sudden multitude that became a riot , many objects reverted to people , rising to protect and fight .
tr	NNS	The patients ' expressions were mostly unperturbed ; Debbie 's expression however was one that resembled a slightly pissed off bull .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the tightness on her back , just below her shoulders , told her there was more .
tr	NNS	Or maybe his skills were simply fading .
va	NNS	Probing spells wouldn 't work .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't ... they 're not safe yet .
tr	NNS	Others watched with eyes that declared that what they saw was their howling hero with wonder and gratitude .
tr	NNS	Mages were serious creatures that rarely laughed or showed their emotions to one another .
tr	NNS	"There are lots of ways that a man can go through money quickly . """
tr	NNS	More blades emerged from the dark , presumably while Deirdre was still transforming into her demonic aspect .
tr	NNS	The edges of his robe swept the tiles .
va	NNS	The warriors filed into the small timber frame house next to the smithy .
tr	NNS	"The joys of youth , "" he said , watching her disappear ."
tr	NNS	' The congratulations might be a little premature , though .
va	NNS	There were several cabinets crammed full of books .
tr	NNS	Girls talk too , and she wanted nothing to do with him .
tr	NNS	Fancy schools and university , money , influential friends , and the right circles , had given them a bit of a gloss .
tr	NNS	My fears have come true : I 'm that girl who 's lost all control and perspective because of a guy What do I say to Henry ?
tr	NNS	To their simple , degenerate minds there was only one thing to do when faced by a god more powerful than their own : convert .
tr	NNS	Things were building , becoming heightened .
va	NNS	The clowns left , disappointed .
tr	NNS	Otherwise my fears were running away with themselves and casting adrift me in a dark place , a place I yearned to avoid .
tr	NNS	Our species can convert only a true psychic from the human race ; all others become deranged if conversion is tried .
te	NNS	Zane 's brows rose .
tr	NNS	His shoulder blades and ribs itched , and the jacket made scratching futile .
tr	NNS	What were my chances of success ?
tr	NNS	But there were only eleven in Cassie 's coven ; the Circle wasn 't complete .
tr	NNS	 Your two cards are somewhere in the middle of this deck , correct ? 
tr	NNS	Stacks glanced at his watch , then turned back to the messenger .
tr	NNS	His own accusations receded sharply into the background when she spun around at the door to her tent to face him .
tr	NNS	Things had just taken a massive twisted turn .
tr	NNS	And the gates began to slowly open .
va	NNS	Cassius opened the door and motioned for me to enter first .
tr	NNS	The ancestors eyed it all like vultures preparing for a feast .
tr	NNS	Fire hoses stiffened as they erupted to life and huge water jets shot out at the house from two angles .
te	NNS	At least fifty angry fairies shot towards them like a swarm of angry wasps .
tr	NNS	Your hormones are humming .
te	NNS	Their products were standard .
tr	NNS	And to make things even much more troublesome , there were two opponents against me .
tr	NNS	Flashes of light and smoke filled the air as gunfire exploded around us .
tr	NNS	After moments of panting consternation , wickedness replaced the stricken look on her face and she attacked him with tickling .
tr	NNS	The clouds over the plain below were boiling with fire .
tr	NNS	The elements are the real seeds of life .
tr	NNS	Sure , a mattress and a bed would have been better , but she didn 't dwell on that .
tr	NNS	Things got worse overnight .
tr	NNS	Plain leather sandals had covered her feet , their thongs wrapping up around her calves .
tr	NNS	His efforts to cheer me up did not succeed .
tr	NNS	The headlights on the truck burned brightly as it backed out of the driveway .
tr	NNS	When coins were not available , ridiculous trade demands in exchange for his work would be the only solution .
tr	NNS	The sparse puddles of water remaining have long since dried up , their last drops offered to the rocky fissures high above .
tr	NNS	The night shots , though grainy and distant , appeared to show the same man meeting someone at an outdoor caf .
tr	NNS	2 A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal .
tr	NNS	The critters are solitary monsters but others are never far away .
tr	NNS	The rays of a bright sun gilded His hair and white robe .
tr	NNS	Adrien 's chains were less evident , hidden as they were beneath his shirt .
tr	NNS	Willie 's eyelids flickered , and his hand shot up to bat at a fly that had been examining his nose .
tr	NNS	Her sudden , deep blush confirmed it .
tr	NNS	"Air defense systems are down and our ground troops have penetrated the subterranean base . """
tr	NNS	The hotels were , small and in poor repair .
tr	NNS	"Those socks , "" he went on , pointing a stiff finger in the direction of the golfer , "" are not regulation colour ."
tr	NNS	Witches have become a costume , a Hollywood character and a mere insult for an ugly evil person .
tr	NNS	 There are demons in the White House ? 
tr	NNS	Renaissance paintings filled Daniel 's suite , where Persian rugs covered the parquet .
tr	NNS	The larger bird glided silently toward earth , razor-sharp talons extended as if coming in for a kill .
te	NNS	There were long rows of chairs facing a stage .
te	NNS	Soft leather seats cushioned every curve of my body as I leaned back against the headrest .
tr	NNS	To be fair , the images still didn 't look like much to me .
tr	NNS	But these accusations within him would not relent , even when he turned his face away .
tr	NNS	He was leaning over , his forearms resting on his thighs , fingers laced .
tr	NNS	The nurses were whispering as he approached the reception desk .
va	NNS	The classrooms were actually dorm rooms for the girls .
va	NNS	Instantly the night insects went silent .
va	NNS	Dirt and gravel roads ran away from the main river road as they got closer and closer to the town .
va	NNS	" Looking back on it now ,  Brian concluded , "" those pills did one thing , and one thing only ."
tr	NNS	The mothers stand on the beach watching the ship disappear .
tr	NNS	Roth 's brows rose .
va	NNS	Tears rolled down to wet our conjoined faces .
tr	NNS	The two armed guards behind him wore muscle tanks and leather pants , their expressions expectant .
tr	NNS	The dimpled ceiling 's rows of fluorescent lights made him squint , triggering a dull thud to begin pulsating behind his eyes .
tr	NNS	The pains were worse during menstruation .
tr	NNS	Some minor renovations done some twenty years before had only severed to make it look worse .
tr	NNS	Families were marking out pitches for themselves with mattresses and picnic hampers .
tr	NNS	 Oh , there 's always villains ! 
tr	NNS	Tears wet the soft velvet of Cameron 's dressing gown .
tr	NNS	The creatures moved altogether slower than birds do ; they possessed none of their vivacity and nervous , hopping grace .
tr	NNS	Reyes slammed a fist into the wall .
tr	NNS	Their texts endanger others .
tr	NNS	Tears flooded my eyes .
tr	NNS	The pills worked quickly , and the dark edges of the world blurred and enveloped him .
tr	NNS	Then his thumbs slid across her cheekbones with a tenderness that knotted her belly with want .
tr	NNS	In jail , all halls lead to the warden 's office .
tr	NNS	" My witnesses said they weren 't speeding .
tr	NN	But Dimitri 's gallant reputation and heroic acts soon overshadowed that .
tr	NN	Their budget had been squeaky tight and they were unable to afford any tours .
tr	NN	There was no hidden agenda in the man .
tr	NN	Lust is bad in its naked state , but when adorned with all manner of perverse trappings , it becomes monstrously savage and an entirely evil vice .
tr	NNS	About how thorough Dad 's education was ?
tr	NN	There was a gentle glide to her movements that appealed to him on a visceral level .
tr	NN	 Your landmark is Al 's Beef ? """
tr	NNS	The bystanders murmured their consent and added a few insults of their own .
tr	NNS	"Makes you wonder , don 't it ? """
tr	NNS	"Local authorities are investigating as we speak . """
tr	NNS	But the murders , of course , had begun after .
tr	NNS	Twenty four hours out of those forty , the banks would not be open .
tr	NNS	The bell rings and the students begin to file out .
te	NNS	The werewolves took her into the heart of the compound .
tr	NNS	Soldiers used their swords to cut free the living from their captors and with few infantry deaths this small battle was over almost before it began .
te	NNS	The pillows bore her lavender scent , but Eleanor had gone .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her chest abated only slightly when she couldn 't find Cain 's face among the revelers .
tr	NNS	Dark figures descended on the caravan , squeezing between the wagons to get into the main area .
tr	NNS	There 's a lightness to the way he lands on his feet , a certain grace , that 's instantly recognizable .
tr	NNS	Beautiful oak bookshelves circled the entire room , filled with books of all sorts of shapes , colors and sizes .
te	NNS	The other students clustered together in circles too tight for a newcomer to enter , their eyes dark and quick as they darted over me .
tr	NNS	A few twists and she 'd rewired the combination panel back to its factory settings .
tr	NNS	"Looks like you got another one . """
tr	NNS	The signs of midnight were here , where they shouldn 't be , creeping closer toward the bright lights of downtown .
te	NNS	"His security cameras pick up everything . """
tr	NNS	"Flowers , cake , candles , presents the whole bit . """
va	NNS	The twins had taken their kayak thirty yards out , the water not-quite chest high .
va	NNS	Tobias ' eyelids suddenly grew heavy and his eyes fell shut , leaving him alone in the darkness , as though buried in the black earth .
va	NNS	Tony 's pupils flared .
tr	NNS	Dragons don 't get married whimsically .
tr	NNS	My sisters and I will drive down to the train station in Butte to pick the men up off the train today .
tr	NNS	Lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water .
te	NNS	The huts are in poor condition , some fallen in on themselves .
tr	NNS	But soon they were overwhelmed , the carts had to stop .
tr	NNS	The winds were invisible to the others down below .
tr	NNS	Then , the rebels launched their attack .
te	NNS	"The ladies were very agitated and it seemed the most expedient way to alleviate their fears . """
tr	NNS	The signs come with warnings of wildlife dangers .
te	NNS	His obscure conversational topics and his habit of doggedly flogging a line of argument to the death made him very wearing .
tr	NNS	The directions said to take the path until it curved and there she would see a small clearing on the right .
tr	NNS	Questions , emotions , fears and hopes filled my head , but all I could do was stare at it .
tr	NNS	There are padded bars on the inside that push against my shoulders and secure me back into the seat .
tr	NNS	There were no cries of ' Hey , you ' , no shouts of ' That 's him ! '
te	NNS	Others gave them a wide berth , sensing something was amiss .
tr	NNS	Folks came from miles and miles to see Sulla the Prophet .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced briefly before her eyes , and a definite nausea churned in her belly .
tr	NNS	Her teachers didn 't want to teach someone associated with him , let alone on the verge of marrying him .
te	NNS	Her instincts told her to blow him off , but his friendship with Vincent made that tricky .
tr	NNS	"My sisters and I used to do each other 's hair for hours . """
tr	NNS	 The possibilities are endless really , but I want to make sure you 're prepared just in case something happens . 
tr	NNS	The cameras clicked away as they were instructed to move into various positions .
tr	NNS	The media loved him , because his name brought ratings .
tr	NNS	On the other were rolling hills of green , green grass that spanned to the horizon .
tr	NNS	Chills coursed down his spine , along with the sweat that dampened his skin and clothing .
tr	NNS	Hands skimmed down her body , grasping and pulling as he tried to secure his hold on her .
te	NNS	The planes are already overhead , and I feel sick in a way I don 't know how to explain .
tr	NNS	 My apologies , Lieutenant . 
tr	NNS	Long sandy shores , and forests hugged the coastline , with occasional rocky outcrops or small cliffs .
tr	NNS	Internet sales of crypto currency coins soar .
tr	NNS	She sat hunched forward , her forearms resting on her knees , chewing methodically .
tr	NNS	Outside Chongqing , the roads were bad , military installations scattered , and airfields primitive .
